last chance for romance here otherwise
we're just gonna film and then put it up
is it alive really i centered machine
ice energy should happen we've been
having problems with our TriCaster
doesn't want to try it's like not today
every third show won't go live i
centered the cheeto I sent the energy
dude you made it happen
this is rare wake-and-bake day I don't
do this you don't know no I get shit
done first usually can you not get shit
done when you wake and bake I kind of
fuck off things if I get what's what's
important really I I get stuff done
really yeah I have like you know I'll do
like my cup of coffee and a joint and
I'll get some stuff done I joke that
it's like it makes me super motivated to
do not a goddamn thing but I get stuff
done I mean all the stuff I get done is
I like vacuum seven times it's a meth
thing you sure someone's not slipping
into I mean let's not put all the rumors
out there now but you got anybody Bravo
I used to say that about girls like he
would if it was dating because Eddie
used to work at a strip club and he
dated a lot of the gals that were
performers there and he said you really
know when a girl's a meth head cuz you
go over a house that's always clean
she's always clean the big never clean
enough maybe I'm a Virgo
apparently speed freaks not method as
far as favorites when people are on
speed maybe coffee is the thing that
does it to me and then I just get
focused from the weed
there's not one ounce of dog hair in my
house really keep it fresh that's crazy
you have like $50 you're a crazy dog
lady I do every three dogs wait don't
you have like a pack of chicken in your
backyard dude I used to what happened to
him coyotes got them all I thought you
were up with the bow and arrow no we had
an issue where our chicken coop burned
to the ground
oh fuck fires you wash ladies
no we didn't they they managed to fly
out and they were in the yard we lost
two of them because they wouldn't we
couldn't round them up to get them into
the chicken pen and because we got a new
chicken pen what it wasn't as big and
then they were too good for IO ds8 those
two and then they realized that they're
all in this one pen and one
they were gone they opened it up and got
him killed all nine of them how they all
had they opened him up pulled it apart
with her teeth yo dog sir listen once
domestic dogs but they're smart the
difference between a coyote and a
domestic dog is like the definition of
hardened criminal on death row yeah and
a baby no your hundred-percent right
it's experience and to survive Donna
survived and they don't have a house
he's feeding them food I mean they're
fucking little wolves yeah and it's like
literally dog-eat-dog world out there
yeah what was the gentleman dan coyote
America the the author god damn it was
he like a dude who lived amongst the
world's yes Dan Flores no he's a
wildlife biologist and a historian yeah
he was talking about the history of
coyotes and wolves in North America
apparently all wild dog species came
from North America even like jackals
yeah shit like that like they made it
across over there somehow like during
the pangaea's period or so yeah
it's an era no yeah it's well when they
think that all of the continents were
connected together yeah we are one we
were one flat earth a giant chunk and
then the rest was water and then it
spread out which is fucking weird is
happening how did that in like also is
that happening on our insides unlike us
it's obviously on a cellular level
everything's just splitting and being
torn the fuck apart there it is here's
the the modern Pangaea map this is
modern the modern country separations
and all that because oh this is what it
looked like
I thought this is this more America what
is that I thought there was some
knuckleheads that thought that is that
really all the continents together whoa
it shows you how much goddamn water
there is that's a mind fuck yeah because
you really like to think that we're all
dirt and not as much water it's so much
water it's all water it's like a little
speck in a huge ass ocean that's what's
really crazy those ground-dwelling
motherfuckers of figured out house
suck all the fish out of that water I
know just to be able to get those
suckers out sometimes with your bare
hands and then they're like yo we need
something we need a smaller situation I
think until they came up with nets and
stuff like that I don't think they were
real effective I think they just got
what they got and they ate that but the
populations were fine yeah but in the
last whatever 150 years they've been
using Nets they just jacked that whole
ocean what do you think happened to the
dude who figured out like the hook he
probably got all the pussy in town but
due to like hook the fish he was getting
all those fishies he was getting the
ones that were way deep what the kind of
pussy that you would get back when you
invented other you don't want it in your
modern mind you don't but then you're
like yo this is fresh fresh it only
smells like must for sure yeah
let's guess how long ago do you think
they invented the fish shark do they
even know I'm gonna say it's a really
old invention yeah
native before breeding those bitches
would just break if you think about a
big fish hooking like a little thin
would they make it that bone probably
must be bone you think don't want to be
too heavy so just thinking would also
break yeah wouldn't be able to hook it
well yeah it must have been bone
I bet it was bone yeah but bones get
brittle especially after like you know
they're off the body and they start to
mm-hmm
calcify and all that but how old do you
think it is it's got to be really old
juniper what it says juniper wood was
the first one time twenty three thousand
years ago what Christ
there's Norwegians yeah those they were
made from sea snail shells a bunch of
information all put together in this in
Okinawa Island dated between 20 2003 80
and 20 2007 70 in that crazy they get it
that close they're basically in
you know you know give or take 8090
years hundred years it's like is it
carbon dating I mean that's the only
thing I remember from high school how do
you even how do you date it back do they
find is it like a forensic thing where
they grab a fly and they're like yeah
this was six years ago because of the
juices on the wings I think it's me
there's like a bunch of factors like one
of them is the dirt that's around where
they fly like if they find it on the
ground then it's covered with dirt over
hundreds and hundreds of years they
could take some of that dirt and yes
yeah they're trying to test I think wow
that's crazy
I want those as earrings is that a
fishhook yeah I click do that's how the
showers yo those are fresh those are
really nice I would rock those would you
yeah we store oldest fishhook found in
Okinawa Wow
23,000 years ago that's crazy and so
they're saying that the oldest fishhook
is linked to the Norwegians I would say
Japanese this is Okinawa yeah Norwegian
thing was saying that and up until the
1950s there were they were still using
wood and oh yeah Japanese make sense
what if they all figured it out at the
same time different spots in the world
you know whether if it's one of those
things like you know I think there's
just some weird thing who's that is that
Rupert Sheldrake is the morphic
resonance theory he's got this weird
theory that I think the idea is that if
some rat learns a maze on the East Coast
rats on the West Coast will learn that
maze quicker what Wow like a like a they
don't know the collective consciousness
amongst the rats as weird as it sounds
there might be some sort of strange
connection that all rats share and not
just all rats but all living beings his
argument was that if this is
demonstratable with a rat in a maze that
if they did something like with human
beings if they could figure out a way to
to prove this that's likely what's
happening is that like he brought up a
bunch of different factors like
inventions that are simultaneously
taking place like all over the world
like what and strange you should
attribute some of that's education right
like yeah definitely education what's
going on like that the the trends that
are happening in education but like but
they also think there might be something
else going on underneath the surface
on a different realm like if you learn
if we're all a species and you're on one
side of the world you learn something
the people on the other side of the
world have like greater access to it in
some weird way that's really bizarre I
don't that freaks me out that's like
matrix E shit right there it's also
unprovable and you bring it up the real
scientists they get upset with you but
what's interesting though is the mat the
map thing the maze thing with mice and
rats because I think that's Percy if
that's been proven a pretty sure thing
that if you show a major rat on one side
of the country they learn it quicker on
the other side how I don't understand
how that can even be a thing well
there's another one that's really
interesting but I don't know how much of
this is just because they didn't observe
it before but they've noticed that apes
are starting to use tools like cell
phones to text each other no not that
yet what weren't monkeys using tools
together no but apparently they use
tools like to get like they'll stick
sticks into anthills to keep ants but
they'll also use rocks to break things
open doing that before I would imagine
apes would follow suit
I think they've that what they're saying
is they're saying officially that
they've entered into the Stone Age oh
boy so like if we are watching if you
saw the human evolved from being a
person that you know what we whatever
the fuck we used to look like when they
first figured out fishhooks grinding to
today you know there's many many
generations of change and all sorts of
different shit that we learned that we
are watching literally the birth of that
separation between like the regular
chimps that are just chillin in the
forest - the chimps that are starting to
figure out tools and weapons right it's
the first day we see a chimp make a
fucking spear a spear sharpen it up and
stab another chimp to death chimps are
becoming woke is that what's happening
it's like they're becoming enlightened
and smarter I don't think just chimps
there was one with an orangutan it was
amazing a maritime spear fishing oh no
oh dude you gotta see it it's prettier I
mean it's really crazy but like it's a
beautiful fish it's gonna be walking
down the highway with a briefcase soon I
don't think it's gonna be there freaky
man
freaks me out but it is so we're
witnessing evolution they're learning
things and this one I think their issue
was that this orangutan had watched
fishermen do this so he had apparently
watched some fishermen like stand on a
Ledge and stab fish so he decided to try
to figure it out himself
that makes sense I mean that's how all
creatures essentially I mean puppies
kittens they all learn it's just it's to
a limit they don't get past that sort of
being able to use tools you get that
picture that's wild bringing up video
too so I thought there might have been
video my dog opened his dog food
container when I was gone
damn a twist a twisted yes did it I
gotta get a camera but I came home and
that top was twisted off and his belly
was like the rang Tang spearfishing I
mean that's crazy if you saw that in a
movie you would say that is fake that is
so that looks like it's still from
Jungle Book it's amazing it's an amazing
photo wish you get that photo framed
Jimmy get up that photo and let's do
that that's really cool name that fucker
framed I talked about this picture all
the time that is so wild so fascinating
it really looks like the Jungle Book
you know um have you ever had your
23andme done about it but like how
accurate is it you know like what's with
the science you're just gonna trust a
piece of paper that comes back I wanted
to go to the lab and see who's doing
this like how do you know you're not
just getting some like you know general
packet that they're sending back to you
how do you know why would they do that
because they got your money why would
anyone do anything why are motherfuckers
throw-in fits in grocery stores people
are crazy you know what we're talking
about if you get high yeah you get a
little bit just a little bit psychotic
like there's something yeah something
happens yeah then you really do like
enter into the world of schizophrenia
yeah you just did it
I know this is good yeah what did it say
all kinds of stuff mostly stuff I knew
that I'm mostly Italian and Irish but
they put Irish and English together
which I thought was interesting
I've 1.6% African 57% more Neanderthal
traits than the average person I could
have told you that I could without even
the blood work I saw that I saw the
paperwork I'm like that my figures I
mean I knew wrong look at that look at
that face look at the head you're
definitely Neanderthal you're like your
a link that's missing for sure no it's
just Italians in general and don't be
angry my Italian people cuz I'm Sicilian
what's strange monkey folk right I
should be your next special title system
this when I was in Italy we had cab
drivers and the cab drivers would like
to stick their head out the window stare
at someone's ass like this they're
smooth but it's just it's just they're
savage they're like and then I thought
about it I was like well of course they
are like they used to be the Romans yeah
imagine how gross
life must have been like back then with
people gross it's gross now but it was
really gross then without plumbing and I
will say yours toilet seats are the
warmest I've ever sat on thank you very
much
so it compared from here to the Roman
era yeah nasty yeah what did they do
they boil their oil or their shit though
went through the streets right oh yeah
part of the problem that's why everybody
was infected and shaken I mean there was
no system they couldn't figure mulch
you know maybe like fertilizer to pour
over it but that was it you know what I
bet it was like it's like people who
throw their cigarette butts on the
ground like someone will clean it yeah
someone also clean it
some little at you know some will hand
will grab it some old poor kid but I
mean there's no perspective they were
just in their own little yeah they
didn't know they didn't know they were
living as sophisticated as anybody that
ever did this shit holes is that where
you shat in that's a shithole and you
around a bunch of other people's shadow
no no it's all shit together you put
your toes and you get a mani a pedicure
that's what that little thing do you
think that those folks had like curtains
in between them when they shat look at
that corner seat yeah right there how
about that one he's touching everybody
is touching shit yeah they were all just
in it having a conversation talking
about the latest gladiator sports yeah
can you believe the Tiger got him I
don't know why sounds when we were there
they were talking about the front rows
the front rows were all the rich people
sat to watch the Coliseum and that was
when if a tiger did get out that's where
they usually got to those people and
killed a bunch of him that's iron ironic
just there to get a front-row seat and
then nature's like Gow gotcha get
support look at that they're all jerking
each other off my god sandals of course
this is everything in sandals who's the
guy with the satchel all the way on the
left Pluto
okay covering this cock oh I bet that's
not true dogs in the hole yeah all the
shit on the floor shit on everything so
what they were like what are these
spoons for somebody shit scooping the
poop out of your body with spoons - Oh
probably scoop the water out is a
disgusting facts I'm appalled Oh Oh
water oh boy who's this guy some guy
with a video and discuss it with poop
yeah you guys have the nicest toilet
here ever I can't imagine I mean what
was sex like back then and even though
they're in their own era and their
perspective is limited because of you
know just where they're at it still must
have been gross this guy had to be
disgusting they must have smelled
terrible there's no soap there's no soap
there's no no well they must have had
some eyes up it was like you know it
just wasn't as fancy as our soaps yeah
there's no deodorant no deodorant and
water what is going on here Jamie or
they're sharing that spoon thing I can't
tell what is this in a real moment wipe
with or if it that looks like a little
Dickie and Cosby here's the other thing
too why not be a little further apart
boys yeah why are they so close
hey hey fellow with the robe how about
you scoot over there's a couple extra
stall to share that spoon pour that
spoon on your butt three loose he was
down a couple seats but homie needed a
hand to hold I think what that was is
they would take that spoon and they
would wash their hands I'd use their
hand to wash their but that's so
barbaric that's why I think you're not
supposed to shake hands with your left
hand in some cultures I think - but why
pinning it yeah so you would take the
water you'd pour it in your hand if I
had to guess lather your butthole that's
disgust foggers were wearing Leafs
anyways is outfit worn loose a couple
dudes around the leaf shirt and a leaf
outfit
I think the Leafs are something they
added to those Roman statues when people
got mad about the penis they got a
little weird they got a little modest
they were sensitive they were modest
then without any plumbing well I think
they um they just decided to ditch were
bad so moron I decided a sponge on the
end of a stick they would wipe them
Bunge
since we got these toilets that actually
clean your butt with warm water when you
press a button it's more nicest well
it's also the cleanest like what are we
doing smear and shit around all you're
doing is like smear and everywhere on
the handles if shit came out of your
nose would you be comfortable just
smearing it like that and just give it a
good wipe are we in Rome or are we in
you know right now Ventura California
yeah no I'm a very clean person i wet
nap that bunghole whenever I can all day
long keep it crisp good boom keep it
crisp and clean do you think that you
would use one of those toilet things
hell no you wouldn't absolutely not
you'd see me crapping in the window I
mean this one the one we have are you
kidding me that's the most luxurious
Noah movie I've ever taken in my life
there was like a remote control yeah
that's like the upper echelon of society
crap right there
it's very fancy it's not that expensive
really no it's not I mean for what it
does it's like very very valuable at
first I was confused because there was a
couple on Dell what's it called bra bra
bra no bra
Rondo yeah say give them some love I
think give us for free to there's a
remote there too with a bunch of
settings Brundle yeah it's a very nice
toilet and that's like a model from like
many years ago they have it nailed
they had it nailed like oh no no these
are recent these are ones that we bought
when we got the studio right yeah it
wasn't too hot either didn't feel like
someone was just sitting there you know
you ever have that experience where it's
like there's a there was a but just here
right there's a pleasure that you don't
want to stay here all the back tears
want to sit the engine on the crabs do
you do you like only crap in certain
places where you go like cuz on the road
you travel a lot like you just got to go
do you do what you got to do yeah I'm
not scared discriminating in public like
not even just being Joe Rogan and like
being next to the person who's like what
are you gonna do you're shitting yeah
have you seen the bathrooms like at
Venice Beach though are you oh going in
there I see whenever you do then that
smell of homeless that wino piece my
room that is Rome there's a thing where
you get pissed so close that people are
wearing forever you know that super ripe
pungent homeless crazy person smells
it's it's it's the most things smell
ever
it's a weird smell similar but it's real
similar like this is what what well you
get it's usually a person that's got
mental illness and they pissed
themselves or shit themselves and they
get this really deep horrible odor to
them they don't even know but it's so
similar it's similar it's like same it's
like the same smell like Bo
like really bad Bo is almost always the
same kind of smell I would imagine yeah
we're just using salt rocks to clean our
pits we found out that
and modern industrialized deodorant is
really just a plot it's just a plot you
know what else like furthermore to your
point they really abuse the chemicals
and the ingredients so this is like
cruelty free free yeah nobody's like
offended well they make the product yeah
you either get it all natural which is
like rocks I've ever seen those things
like mineral rocks you smell like a
salty homeless person yeah what is this
salt in your pits work is that what
people do you know it works well if you
don't have a deodorant or anything lemon
citrus it's a you know antibacterial
natural notion yeah that makes sense
spritz some oregano oil on that that's
it also antimicrobial natural and asset
and its antiseptic eucalyptus oil in
your nether regions though that might
hurt I hurt the couch couch are you
maybe Kenny a soap called defense soap
it's all made with natural oils yeah the
best is designed for grapplers cuz
grapplers get like skin scratch like
scratches and infections and a lot of
ringworm and shit gross have you had
ring Oh bunch times what yeah I've had
ringworm I've had staff twice and I had
ringworm I think three times isn't that
basically like three times because I've
had it on my feet which is basically the
same thing you poke your finger and poop
and scratch right that's science you are
a doctor it's bacterial I don't think so
um I think ringworm is just a parasite
and it's what happens is it gets through
I think it gets through broken skin
patch skin and then it forms this weird
ring like a bull's-eye dude fucking
gross I can't I can't deal with it like
shows like the monsters that inside of
me I don't want to know abou someone
sent me a link it was Josh wolf sent me
a link about the the little like mites
that are in your eyelashes you can
handle people in their cars in the 405 I
don't want to know about fucking mites
in my eyelash
imagine if you could just see on the 405
as you're driving how many people have
Lices Oh lights on the cars there should
be that's the future that's what we need
I don't want to know your followers I
wonder how many Lices you have in your
fucking like this is a weird one because
lice is around when I was a kid it's not
around first of all I can't get anymore
thank you I know your ears your immune
lice free your impervious to lice but
when I was a kid I was like what are
they gonna figure this life thing out
because apparently adults don't get it
so one thing in this we really know
hardly ever have like those last time
you had your the hair check for lice
well I'm not hanging out napping in a
kindergarten where children are riddled
with it but if I did it how are the kids
getting it cuz they roll around going
head to head talking about you know
there's got to be patient zero what the
fuck's going on with patient zero
some little kid probably some rich kid
whose parents neglect him and he's had
them in there for a long time yeah he's
got rich lice rice you think that's
funny
it really does it does it's kind of it's
an amazing it's amazing medicine for
your brains super weird when you're not
high and you watch some people that are
and ya know we're both of us that's
right Jaime's high - yeah he's very
responsible those oven mitts on your
shirt Jamie oh that makes me want like a
grilled cheese sandwich I don't know why
yeah but what is that Johnny Cupcakes oh
cool
wouldn't it be amazing if grilled cheese
sandwiches were super good for you oh
god it's my one thing that I just it's
my food like the one thing french fries
imagine french fries were this shit it's
like they found out that it actually
turns your age back does that work yeah
it's the fry part that's the worst if
you just had the sweet potato fries
bacon you're good it's not as bad I
don't I think it depends on what kind of
oil you're cooking under but I think
whenever you cook anything in hot oil
there's something about the way the oil
breaks down that your body's like what I
think it gets Larson agendas doesn't it
I don't know but I like when you use big
words
[Laughter]
eat french fries doctors carcinogenic
right god damn this health plan
fuck you Obama fuck your singer pay care
shit you can't afford health care come
over my house I'll let you know if
you're carcinogenic or not there's
something real gross about people that
are like you know better health care go
get better health care yeah like it's
just readily available that's one of the
grossest ones when you don't you don't
feel for fellow citizens in our
community that don't have health care no
I didn't have health care for ever just
let it go you know I got it a week ago
and I booked all the appointments did
you everything I got the kitty cat
checked got the teeth checked nice sighs
were you worried about the teeth you
have the feeling like you have a cavity
like a some phantom cavity like shit
yeah how's my tooth hurt don't have a
fucking cavity I definitely did my teeth
were like crevices Oh Jeff bunch
cavities yeah she filled me like four
times because I haven't been because
health care is ridiculous you know I
wasn't eating candy you get all these
holes in your face I don't know I think
like you know changes in my life maybe I
got ringworm from you too changes
[Music]
two changes yeah little kids get it all
the time
they do oh dude just rolling in dirt I'm
gonna blow your way blow your mind away
okay hookworm is was super common in the
south and it literally diminishes your
capacity for thinking so like the idea
like God Southern dumb person see oh no
sorry I didn't know she was gonna do
that I love you no no not fear but maybe
people feel know he's relative have you
had a say they feel gone voice like
maybe a few people that I know yes yeah
yeah there were all hookworm victims
what so how do you get hookworm walking
around barefoot ah I mean that there's
just too many opportunities to get these
worms in your body oh for sure that's so
gross like when you see dudes who go to
like some foreign country and they get
scratched and they come back on a
botflies clone other in their belly a
kid just died recently in India I think
it was India he got a infection he was
having headaches and it turns out worms
from pig feces had they made it all the
way up into his brain and they were
making cysts all throughout his brain
they said it was so bad they couldn't
even give him deworming medication
because if they did they were worried
his brain would start bleeding and that
you know he would suffer from a stroke
what I am NOT gonna sleep tonight all
this worm talk it was a terrible
cirrhosis pulled out pictures I find
they have pictures of the dude's brain
it's just like filled with cysts in the
morning oh you know what I was saying
before I forgot to bring my fanny pack
you gave me one of your fanny packs and
I travel with that everywhere thank you
very much from glad you enjoy it it's
the most trying to spread the
resourceful thing this is my fanny pack
I know where this I have the same one
and a couple people have talked some
shit and I was like you better step
step back step back I've got money
pharmacy in there I've got my whole
thing so I can be a doctor on the road
in a second scope I got a scalpel what's
up he complained of having pain in his
groin and swelling in his eye and then
they found out he had cysts all over his
brain I mean I have pain in my groin
every week look at his brain on the
right I'm assuming as a result both of
its different views they're both
different views those little holes are
all cysts in sizes Bronk his brain is
literally imploding although those
little spots those little white spots
those are all little cysts inside his
brain that must have been painful a
fucking pure agony
it must be pure egg and this was in
India you said what country versus man
in India yeah you know talk fuck that
and just imagine like people having not
the access to health care in this
country but at least we're a little bit
modernized being in one of those
countries in being poor you're fucked
you're so fucked by swallowing
microscopic eggs passed in the feces of
a person who has intestinal pork
tapeworm I never go on a brunch again
but think about that's not even just
pork tapeworm it's the eggs in the shit
of a person who has the tape do you see
what Jesus trollee Helms get in your
mouth I'm sure I smoked a joint before
this shit I am in a pure panic attack
you don't eat in India unless that
person is on anti tapeworm medication
also never eat ass again I mean this is
a PSA for anti ass eating it is I told
you I had he cool I have few weeks ago
that was my life
Hussein Jamie there's been a change in
the way that the pork industry is gonna
be doing inspections that the government
is gonna stop doing it apparently as of
like early May and the industry is now
taking over Oh that'll be R that's just
that's exactly what you want this is one
of those things where people that are
all in favor of deregulating everything
you need to understand this shit like
this happens if these people cut corners
and we know people have cut corners
before maybe it's not all of them maybe
most of them are gonna be great people
gonna die sick they're gonna get ecole
are they gonna get all sorts of fucked
up things
40% and replacing them with my cutting
the number of federal inspectors by
about 40% that is such a bad idea well
it looks like America and everywhere is
gonna get a whole bunch of hookworms
this is like having the Mafia police the
streets taking away there would be no
slaughter line speeds oh that is so
gross
no strong make it quicker pork is a
weird one pork is a weird one it's too
risky man it's way too risky no it's not
even that I mean it they're they're
fucking smart
yeah one of the weird things are they're
like smart like a dog they're like a
five-year-old aren't they they're maybe
not your kid like a five wow wow shots
fired Wow doctor yeah fired right into
my reproductive heart I mean you're a
five-year-old be like what do you think
he'd be like stoner see you're probably
right actually you know a grade five
year old my kid will be chill you know
what he wouldn't be beating up your kid
but he made very nice you'd be surprised
my parents are hippies I know it sure I
do know that yeah my mom's so super
happy so but poor yeah eating pig is
weird because they are a very
intelligent creature their intent but
here's the other weird part about it you
gotta kill him because they breed like
crazy and in a while they go nuts
they're everywhere in the wild their
tusks grow very fast they become very
barbaric those are tusks oh my see that
little tray yeah those pigs are they
look like that's a wild boar oh that's
from my from Adam green tree he killed
that in Australia they have a problem
with them in Australia too it's wild how
how hollow it is but it's so it's so
strong even still yeah that's a big-ass
hook we should go fishing with this and
see what we can catch up a whale with
that yeah we could definitely catch like
a humpback or something with this puppy
it's a weird thing they're their teeth
or they're shaped like these weird
swords that is crazy and they grow so
fast if you release a pig that those
things these things pop out in a couple
months yeah there's a while yeah they
start changing when they're not taken
care of
like it's like remember that movie with
Howie Mandel walk like a man remember
that where he was like a kind of vaguely
he was like raised by wolves or
something that's kind of like almost the
equivalent of him coming back to society
is releasing a pig in it becoming wild
not that I'm calling Howie Mandel a pig
but he's a nice he's the opposite of a
pig very nice gentleman but he's also
like a super-clean for he's not getting
ringworm or hookworm there's he's not
getting any of the worms but he might
because you like washes his hands a lot
too much yeah you can do too much and
you kill your skin yeah you fuck up your
fauna and flora getting the imbalance
you show us it was like raised by
creatures in the wild and this lady cuz
you know women especially a white lady's
trying to like you know save them she
wants to save them and do good for him
and so he's just trying to acclimate
great stoner movie by the way where do
you think this was the 89 787 yeah man
Dells been around for him he's been
around and he looks younger now than he
did then dudes you fuckin do this maybe
it's washing your hair maybe it's a good
move washing and shaving it's how
washing hands yeah it probably is crazy
no we're very clean in the society we
you know we can't handle like natural
bacterias that exists in nature it fucks
us up we're gonna we're gonna end up
just murdering ourselves because of how
clean we are I think much more likely
we're gonna develop resistant strains of
bacteria that are murderous we already
has there's a new one that they did just
did you see that flu virus that's like
that article there's an article that
just came out about some mysterious
infection that's been Merkin people
that's because we're to clean we keep we
should have we should bring back the
Roman toilets just to level it all out a
bit have a couple of them sprinkled
around I don't think just a couple of
them you know in the parties what's the
difference between those in a
port-a-potty if you like work in a
construction site
I can't hold a hand in a port-a-potty do
you ever go to like a music festival
fuck no and use one of them in the shit
that blue liquid no I'm not
and that's a low point I'm not doing
that so I can get that worm that feels
cousins have I'm not doing that shit are
you showing me Jamie what festival are
people at the art barefoot or as the
deadly fungal infection resistant to
treatment that's what it's called that's
bad yeah all right sounds like a new
solar system unstoppable fungus killing
the world's banana supply man addicted
to sniffing socks man addicted develop
severe fungal lining infection
this can't be real this is like stoner
news here's another Walt linga socks
aren't sexual says Kiwi school we fall
down a clickbait clickhole is like Gary
Busey who's writing these hide this how
about what Tim Poole told me ready for
this you know those clickbait sites
where you go to and it's like you won't
believe what she looks like now and then
you click on that and then you go to
another one just like never ending
quickly click click they get they gather
up all these cliques like if they have a
site that's responsible for like 400,000
unique clicks a day if they have
something like that right they sell it
to another company those clicks another
company attaches those clicks to their
site and says we get a hundred thousand
views a day
so they're not real there's a bot there
clicks you can buy clicks dude what
world are we in right now buy and clicks
I don't have time I don't have time
please find out that's true I think it
is it sounds cool doesn't lie he's and I
know a lot of people right now like
people buying likes people have done
that or like followers it's the same
it's the same yeah they will they
definitely do that Internet there's a
way to do that people get busted because
like they don't have any interactions
like so they'll put up something and
like a put up a video and the video gets
like a thousand views but they have like
a million followers yeah that doesn't
make sense
there's no that that doesn't make any
sense when the engagement doesn't match
up with I watch the people all kinds of
dumb shit the amount of time that I've
wasted watching people's internet videos
so those little Instagram videos they
make the thing you posted today about
the the Florida headline oh that was
some that was like the Florida headline
for sure that was like what you said in
the caption that was legit yeah I was
right in this bit about exotic pets and
when I'm in the middle of this bit I
just decided to start researching what
what inspired you to write something
I'll tell you I don't want to do the bit
enough to says Florida man tries to
start naked Fight Club at chick-fil-a a
Florida man was arrested after he
challenged others to fight and to stare
at his genitals outside of chick-fil-a
why did Dan Bilzerian say people just
can't act right trust me that's a good
job at himself
points points to Bilzerian or at least
come in correct which is funny that is a
ridiculous head also where can I sign up
it sounds fun it's like Game of Thrones
for meth heads
naked Fight Club yeah why not you want
to go to watch from like a neighboring
parking lot with binoculars hell yeah
that's you want to do you want to gate
that you want to be far enough away so
if they start running at you balls out
yeah keep your car in park engine right
yeah and then use those by nose you know
I mean I'm a professional Jamie with
your oven mitt t-shirt sir gotta be
video of that right if someone was out
of the chick-fil-a depressing fact
there's a video video of almost any kind
of interaction yeah it's people create
interactions so that they can videotape
them parents man they got to stop
putting their kids on video we got to
stop it's enough you say that but
there's a little kid that's like six
years old that reviews toys and he makes
twenty million dollars millionaire
twenty million dollars interpreting
Disney toys just looking at toys
somebody 200 bucks
open up a box of you know toys I'll do
it hundred beans that's it
nobody wants to see you open up I'm
gonna find something else they want to
see little cute kids I'll dress up in a
diaper
what has this not gonna help oh fuck
another gotta find another thing to make
money
another angle yeah that kid is making a
lot of money gonna be the YouTube toy
guy
there's a lady who does it with just her
hands a girl's woman what does she do
with her hand she opens things up same
thing
beautiful hands I don't know if they're
beautiful I don't throw our feet out and
start using the verb is what I got to do
yeah I'm gonna open children's toys of
my feet is that weird no you should do
it you should do it and see which one
gets better views do it with you with
painted toenails and doing you with kind
of like neglected toenails I'm saying
like little chips and your paint you
know this is nothing sadder than a
neglected toenail that it's also kind of
hot because it's kind of chick they'll
take some chances she's like bitch she
doesn't even have her toenail to order
she lives she'll move with you across
the country she's crying lots what'd she
do enter into a bank-robbing skiing with
you she's not taking care of herself
she's got chipped toenails first that's
a bitch who puts people first
she toenail chick just can't get it
together some people just never quite
get it together right yeah and then you
see their toes and it's a reflection of
their own downfalls they're their own
worst enemy or they have a job
yeah that's you're busy too busy mom
with a job and a couple of kids who's
got time to do nails then unless you you
know you're a rich wife yourself you get
doing yourself that's the nail thing is
interesting because here's why because
it's like a service thing that people
love right and love going and getting
pedicures and manicures the people that
are into that shit they love it they
love Duncan their feet in the thing and
then they get to talk to each other but
they would never want to do that yes one
of those weird things it's like if you
found out your mom was given strange
dudes pedicures look that's our new gig
you'd be like oh like well we gotta go
to therapists what's going on
well we'd say why do you why do you have
this job do you want to clean people's
feet what what about it brings you joy
coz if you need money like you might as
well just slice mangos on the side of
the highway or something different but
it's not weird that that's one where
people love getting it done but to do it
would be like well I get my nails done
regularly I love it it's very relaxing
but yeah it's that weird thing where you
know saying this it's like it's one of
those jobs that's worked by you know
non-white people for the most part which
i think is interesting don't you think
that's interesting as a woman
entry-level jobs for people that are
first-generation immigrant that like
what would happen realistically if all
immigrants removed from this country
everyone's nails with look like shit
they got rid of all the illegals every
everybody who barely speaks English out
restaurants would fall no delicious food
there'd be no fun music there would be
some fun music I mean some but like
let's be honest but there's a lot of fun
most fun music if there's a lot of fun
like you know wasn't their idea Latino
music that's true yeah have fun let's
you know that's true not many like songs
and like our culture can you do one of
these and it fits you know especially at
like a wedding but yeah everyone will be
jacked up no food no no nails do a few
things I don't know if I know it sounds
very familiar put it on fuck are you
okay there's some you can try it too
it's too expensive no no it's not we'll
get this yank from YouTube oh that's
right you can put any music I don't put
anybody's okay I think I just somebody
sent me a song of Gypsy Kings recently
they've been around forever
yeah they're badass Latino band and what
I love is because I can't speak Spanish
so when they're singing it's just
beautiful yeah like whatever they're
saying it just sounds great it doesn't
have any like I know there's a motion I
can feel the guy's emotion when he's
singing but I have no idea what he's
saying so I don't I don't need to hear
it I just love the sound of it yeah it
is very nice the language is like very
melodic oh yeah like Spanish Italian
feels like Latin based languages are
very pretty to listen to this is oligos
a musical flow yeah you ever
people from Brazil speak Portuguese I
mean I flick a bean to it all the time
the shoes have met that should sexy did
they have a way of talking these are up
and down so the old dance yeah it is it
a little dance and then people where I'm
from like Syracuse it's like hey guys
wanna go get a sandwich just don't want
us to talk you don't know what it is
it's actually they're trying to keep
people from breeding but it's like in
places that suck the most you have the
shittiest accents because they're trying
to make everyone disgusting yes well I
guess I'm not supposed to have a baby
then I'm telling you they're just trying
to limit the numbers they don't want
over populations in places that suck
there's probably something like
legitimacy know what you're saying
doctor in your scientists anybody who
need some advice just call us at one
eight hundred good luck there's a new
documentary by the guy wrote coke
cocaine Cowboys did cocaine Cowboys and
a bunch other documentaries Billy Korb
yep Billy Corbin you got it
I don't wanna choke on his lame it
smarter anyway Billy has a new document
called screech screwball yeah it's all
about Alex Rodriguez in the steroid
scandal and one of the guys in is a fake
doctor who would wear stethoscope around
his neck like he got his degree in Psych
Genki overseas University and wasn't
legal to practice medicine in the United
States but who call himself a doctor and
he had like the stethoscope that he'd
wear in his office he'd walk around with
a stethoscope around his neck like
hangar eyes neck I just again he's gonna
check your heart meanwhile all he's
doing is prescribing steroids it was
amazing that was walking around he posed
as a doctor and had multiple patients I
remember this is in Florida the same
place I guess it afforded to you must be
pretty easy course it's in Florida this
name does this name say Malakai yeah
that's a creepy name that's like
children of the corn right that's like
how do you pronounce that mind Malachi
Malachi
yeah that's that is ballsy do you wait a
minute that's not his real name mara
malachi love-robinson
that sounds like a character from
like some sort of porno there is dr.
Malachi a lovely nasty hhp - CA MP - TV
dad all those things HIV what are all
those other things it is health care
proxy maybe some bullshit
EMP I don't know what the hell that
sounds like a gas station in Kansas
let's read his thing listen says is a
well doctor malachi love-robinson is a
well-rounded professional that treats
and cares for patients using a system of
practice that basis treatment on
physiological functions and abnormal
conditions on natural laws governing the
human body that doesn't even that's a
run-on not a sentence doctor
love-robinson utilizes physiological
psychological and mechanical methods
such as air water light earth
phototherapy food and herb therapy
psychotherapy electro therapy
physiotherapy Meccano therapy naturopath
Corrections and manipulation and natural
methods or modalities together with
natural medicines natural processed
foods and herbs and nature's remedies
what you just said the only thing that
was true about that was manipulation
well how is this guy like who who read
that and went all right we're in yeah
who read that was like I need to make an
appointment immediately found the real
doctor all these other doctors that
don't use manipulation all of them now I
would not go doctor huh yet offices so
someone had to like rent him the spot
said they believed him - not just the
offices he at least had an off a office
like an off you gotta think a guy who's
that good of a bullshitter that pretends
to be a doctor actually gets patients
who's got a stethoscope got a website is
it that good
but it's good enough that he's got
patients likes it actually worked like
imagine being so crazy that you tell
everybody you're a doctor you don't know
shit about medical medical practices you
know you read his little bio there and
you get offices then you get patients
you treat
patience it's the same as like religion
it's a similar it's a similar approach
you just find people who are gonna need
and who need something and they're
gullible and are vulnerable and they'll
follow you anywhere or religion is
either that or it's a part of your
culture right you're born into it
absolutely it's a cultural thing for
sure it's when you hear like a 45 year
old dude becoming a Mormon yeah you're
like what what happened what are you
doing you're lost maybe just have a
great group of people that are all some
Mormons you say fuck it I'll join I
guess that what happened you know maybe
even like with Scientologists what
happens to people like especially in
Hollywood they just get so desensitized
or like they get everything they want
they're looking for more
I need purpose if I was jaded I would
say that they think they're gonna
enhance their career
you think so I used to think that
because there's a lot of like there was
at least a lot of people in the film
industry that were Scientology right
have you ever gone to a meeting no but I
did go to one of those they had like
conference tables a folding table set up
in San Diego and they had like the the
two coffee cans with the strings on them
that you hold on to and you know like
they ask you questions about your
childhood and weird stuff and you say it
into the coffee can now you hold these
things it's called the neck it's come
what's it called an e meter it's not I'm
so loud it's called an e meter you hold
on to it and it it it gives you some
sort of a reading on this fucking graph
that's it's totally non-scientific
horseshit right but you know the guy who
was really interested is the guy who was
doing it must be just like some regular
dude who's in the church that they make
do it it's not like he wants to do it
nobody want to do that I tell he was
like a volunteer because you maybe maybe
have a problem with your dad I am as a
doctor he was selling the Scientology
yeah just to see what it's like just out
of curiosity just to be in there you
know in that moment and see what the
hype is about well there's a lot of
money right you have to think that they
their massive real estate holders
they've earned millions of million
dollars and they have
tax-free exempt status because it's a
religion yeah tax-exempt taxes oh it's
crazy they sued and want it
yeah they sued the IRS see this is the
problem we're on one side of the coin
like people are good manipulators on the
other side people are idiotic yeah you
believe in deal with half of the shit
that they believe and deal with I said I
think they're what they're they're a
bunch of different things at once you
know there's the wacky beliefs that l
ron hubbard all that stuff that he
created but then there's also the Klan
mentality yeah absolutely it's funny
that the Ku Klux Klan they kind of stole
the word Klan right like the work clay
you say you get self-conscious you know
it's the correct word for like a tribe
of people right and it's not it's not
reserved for just a group of white
supremacists I mean it definitely no but
indicates a whole bunch of groups of
people like I used to play quake
competitively if you tell people how
quake teams are that their clans the
question what and then they're like you
mean like the KKK you're like no just a
group of people like quake you fucking
idiot with a common mentality that's it
a group of a band of people a band yeah
brothers but that that happens people
just take over something and then that
something becomes negative from then on
well then they have a platform as well
you know they can then they're like
social social justice warriors about it
you know they're like cheering it from
the rooftops and making tweets about it
and how how it's a fucked up situation
are they really doing that if you were
to say any word people like oh my god
this person said this it's racist it's
like I was just saying Klan I wasn't
saying anything else but it's like the
Hitler mustache you just gotta wait
though it's too tricky the Hitler
mustache now like you can't what really
you can't
who wants to wear it is there is
somebody wearing it were for a while
that's right he did oh my god he did
playing basketball that's kind of final
if he was playing basketball for you he
wasn't he was retired sure like a hands
commercial or something I think oh yeah
my goddamn Hitler you can brazen you
can't even like when does it become a
Charlie Chaplin it starts as a Hitler
like when it gets to the outer edge of
the nostrils is it a Charlie Chaplin
well Charlie Chaplin had a Hitler he he
might he molded it after modeled it
after Hitler did he yeah it was a huge
fan of Chaplin absolutely there's
there's some crossover there Chaplin was
a huge fan of Hitler Hitler was a fan of
Chaplin right in Chaplin just kind of
you know because Chaplin was a little
bit of a rebel man
so why did Chaplin where's mustache I
think it's like a little tongue-in-cheek
mustache boosted sales and let me see
that photo
wow that larger that is so crazy that is
so crazy that is wild even he had to
give it up
even Michael motherfucking Jordan what
is it second paragraph say Jordan
camouflages the moustaches to a small
extent with a corresponding soul patch
under his bottom lip but the lip beard
appears to be exactly that a beard
trying to disguise the teutonic neighbor
upstairs a great sentence that's a great
Teutonic neighbor Teutonic neighbor
that's really know what Teutonic means
do you know what Teutonic means I've
never used that word capitalized I
wouldn't hit it hit it maybe like
probably because it's not a real word
and motherfucker thinks its own war or
something like some relating to two
tones denoting Germanic branch of the
indo-european language family definition
you're like what's weird Roenick
so go back to that and go back to that
statement again that's the statement
that we're just reading from yeah okay
Choza beers trying to disguise its
Teutonic neighbor upstairs houses so
maybe those people wore those stashes
maybe Hitler got it from notes because
it's Germanic right yeah well like who's
voting in German maybe it was a Germanic
mustache yeah maybe it was all a mode of
the times yeah I mean maybe a bunch of
people at Hitler's kind of like how
there's full beards now
this like as a full beard the Hitler of
ours is just like a common beard think
so can you imagine if somebody rolled
around with a Hitler stache today that'd
be really wild you can't you can't
that's too much right yeah but here's
what's weird I've talked about this on
stage - why is it okay to dress like
Genghis Khan who's dressing like Genghis
Khan if you want to do it for Halloween
why is it okay yeah
what do you mean like it shouldn't be Oh
bleep yeah being a Nazi you can't be
Hitler yeah that's I mean that's just
won't let you that's what's also kind of
lacking creativity like you want to be a
Hitler it's like dressing up like a sexy
baby are we really doing this is this
necessary doing that no one needs to see
sexy babies no one needs to see a Hitler
well slow your roll some girls should
definitely dress like a sexy baby okay
so girls can dress like sexy babies but
I can't dress like a baby and open up
packages on YouTube you could just like
a baby and open up packages on YouTube
no one's stopping you know like we do
invisible foes cuz you just said that it
would be cute and now before it wasn't
when I wanted to do it I wasn't cut to
this afterwards and it's just ten videos
of me open up packages cereal yeah in
your underwear in my underwear with my
terrible terrible chipped toenails yeah
it's amazing how many people have
created a career just reviewing stuff on
on YouTube like those tech review guys
they make a shitload of money you even
have to have like degrees in electronics
or an engineering or anything they just
have to have a love of tech like our
friend
well unbox therapy first of all Louis
like think about how many views those
videos get his videos he's one of the
top ones but there's Marcus Brownlee
who's also been on hearing guys on there
yeah they're doing it what are people
often not Duncan yeah it's weird
what is it like as a viewer to watch
somebody else open gifts it's like
that's like the worst part of Christmas
morning watching other people open gifts
you're like where the hell are my people
get really into it they do it do you
need it's bizarre do Flossie Carter's my
favorite
there's a things no one else yeah she's
a jack black guy who looks like a like a
powerlifter yeah
tattoos on his hands nice like full-out
yeah right and and he uses like he and
he uses technical terms mixed in with
like slang and he has a cat he's got a
cool little cat that's always like in
the videos hanging it up and he open
he's a nun boxer yeah he's a super
knowledgeable guy yeah when he when he
reads like when he's talking about like
the different details and what cameras
doing doing but he does it in a funny
way right like he's very funny yeah it's
like also knowledgeable so if you're a
dork like mean you're into like phone
technology and alien to phone technology
I'm always fascinated by innovations in
phone technology because it's like I'm
watching someone build a bomb like
standing back where they fucked are they
going there it's going nuts
this is ruining us now they wanna make
them faster and better and more see all
hands too so this is this Fossey carter
shoutout to flossing as far as the feel
lightweight super comfortable you can
easily wear these all day and for the
look this is what they're gonna look
like when you wearing them neck tattoo
really but some people like them some
people don't
these really ain't my cup of tea there's
pictures of him on his Instagram he's
jacked like he lifts weights he's huge
what's his background I don't know
that's do I look a million seven hundred
and fifty three thousand four hundred
and ninety five views or his top ten
truly wireless earphones he's got a huge
following but it's because of that
because he knows what he's talking about
but then on top and no one really talks
about it's kind of fun to listen to his
voice is interesting his voice is full
powerful voice you should do a TED talk
just wait fellas out there that are
carving their own niche and gals
reviewing things talking about things
like there's so many different people
doing shit like that now it's
interesting I guess it makes sense
because they're such a huge space for
the techie nerds to indulge in that
stuff and become fans of that sort of
well also no one would have ever made
that a television show and if it does a
television show people might not have
watched it yeah
this one's Iran on YouTube where you can
just clear at your at your leisure
that's the beautiful thing about the
on-demand Westec TV though what's the
shortest replace whatever job but tech
TV was never this in-depth they would go
you know they would gloss over things
they would have like a synopsis so it
was still TV they still had yeah they
started that commercials I guess they
were they did everything like it's okay
it was great I would love remote control
I mean not remote control what was it
called screen savers remote control was
the MTV show patch then as well yeah he
had like a downstairs Hitler Hitler in
the basement in the basement just not in
the Attic it's too close but isn't it
weird though that I mean not saying that
anybody wants to dress like a Nazi I
don't I don't want just to say that I
have to say that but that if you dressed
like a murderer from the past like
Genghis Khan or something like that well
you actually get in trouble now for
cultural appropriation you know where
you wouldn't get in trouble is it the
Renaissance Fair when they have like
heroes and villains day comes on what
you're doing there you got some squinty
eyes too far right now you're taking it
too far but why is it weird that a
physical characteristic like eyes like
small eyes is like offensive to discuss
is that fascinating it is fascinating
but to recreate I think is it offensive
or is it people enjoy the feeling of
being offended I think there's a there's
a sweet spot in the middle there I would
beg to differ that some of the people in
society who are offended by words terms
sentences aren't necessarily truly
offended as much as they want to say
they're offended I am a hundred percent
on board with you so loser doctor Peluso
sorry thank you doctor Peluso I have HPV
pH i I can't I mean people get offended
to get awesome they love it they
offended and you know what they also
love doing not doing
about it but in their defense if you see
like a movie where a dude is playing an
Asian man mm-hmm but he's a white dude
and they do some malarkey with his eyes
like motherfucker
what did something to a leprechaun
something Irish use that special effects
monarchy and change them into a Chinaman
by that god damn leprechaun that fucker
you could be an Englishman no one has a
problem with calling someone an
Englishman do you call someone a
Chinaman no no whoa you're getting weird
there it's just getting weird
it's exhausting when people are offended
and then it's like girls being offended
in writing articles about guys that are
doing me two moments but they're not
going to the rallies they're not
involved in the community they're not
really like moving the needle they're
just screaming is it good to go to
rallies I think it's good to be also
actively and physically involved in
whatever movement you believe in I think
just saying and posting it on Twitter is
a facade but it's good for likes you can
get a lot of likes boom I mean I guess
there's some eyeballs on it you're
you're creating a conversation but I
don't know I just believe in like living
walking the talk a little bit more what
the fuck were we just talking about the
games cars Oh
Chinese actors that get fucked out of
roles by white people they don't do that
anymore but they used to yeah one of the
big ones was Charlie Chan Charlie Chan
was like a famous detective show
remember that show was it but was it
casted as a white man it was a white
dude playing a Chinese detective that
was like super wise detective that's
busted but he looks like you know like a
white guy who eats good like macaque
more like a commish no like that's
that's what they're my holy hell yeah
that was Charlie Chan I'm offended yeah
you should be he looks more like he
looks like a shitty magician he looks
like Chewie from The Comedy Store you
don't you guys don't remember Chewie
that is offensive
the same thing happened with let me see
that picture look at that that shit is
ridiculous
I can't happening there he's he looks
like he runs a casino in upstate New
York you ever hear him talk
can we play someone I need to hear it
from Charlie Chan it was very offensive
oh my god
donk donk Charlie I'm shook right now
what's that Jamie what do you think he
wouldn't what year do you think this was
1945 it says he doesn't say 50s Scarlett
Johansson had that whole issue remember
she was cast in that movie an Asian role
yeah look at his face he doesn't even
look remotely they taped his eyes for
sure they did some weirdness but not
much because he looks like every
housewife and Bev Hills - facial hair
the pulled back face like take off 10
years but back then you know this guy
could get away with that you know
what's-his-face lady in a saran wrap
she's a ghost or some shit dude what's
happening to her that is bizarre me know
if they had saran wrap put your food
inside of it what is that shit she's
wearing like a glass veil is this Shia
LeBouf Shia LeBouf they're time
travelers this is I mean isn't it great
to live in this time where our movies
are so much better but we're gonna laugh
in the future looking back at how stupid
things are today you just can't see it
coming nobody thought to look at that
guy that's a cool chair what is that
dude
so another Chinese guy that dude this is
not really a Chinese guy I think he's
got that's some terrible face makeup I
think added to them I think that looks
like a like Joey Diaz on acid look at
that with a head wrap that's family tape
it does look like tape a regal tape
yeah acid really angry ruling a kingdom
after a couple divorces yeah he's like
an 80 year old tape yeah that's amazing
well that's what they used to do but
look look up John Wayne as Genghis Khan
that's even dumber even man didn't even
change anything
included the weight talked he talked
like John Wayne we're gonna fuck up
these Russians
he talked literally like John Wayne but
he was dressed like a Ferb fucking hat
on so dumb oh my god you ever see it yes
yeah how when they made that movie where
they're like this is it this is it yeah
they didn't know everything sucked I'm
everything did kind of suck
there's only a few like gone with the
wind like whoa what did they do their
movies Citizen Kane whoa like wow this
one doesn't suck
yeah yes god I mean the likeness is a
little amazing to wait yeah you imagined
look at that beard like a fucking
sheriff and some wide west Wild West
Town - Genghis Khan Hollywood was so
whitewashed it really really was well
they knew back then if they did a John
Wayne movie they would sell a million
tickets you know it's that's really what
the but the thing is I mean an aspect of
that is still going on go on you know
and I sort of I don't know if you feel
the same way I get it to a certain point
like when you go out my comedy clubs and
there's like a YouTube influencer booked
on a weekend you're just like a fuck but
then you're like well I kind of get it
from a business standpoint if they're
fill-in the rooms I did a gig in in
Arizona once and they had a daytime gig
booked from a YouTube influencer they
packed this place out at 11:00 a.m. with
like 12 year old kids as fans was his
name Bert Kreischer yes it was it was a
Bert Kreischer day show
he did his whole shirt off it was a crop
top
he wore a halter birth does those day
shows he'll do radio and then I'll do a
show it like noon for people that don't
have jobs yeah it's like work call in
sick to work or something does he call
it something like that yeah call in sick
to work day yeah so funny that ladies
he's looking slim yeah that is slim for
Berk that's only like 19 months pregnant
yeah that's a protrusion in his heart
eight year old in the belly year-old
inside of him that's to take his shirt
he takes his shirt off in the oh our now
every time yeah I used to take his shirt
off only in the main rooms like now now
he decided no more of that does it come
off on every show we set right what's on
stage it takes his shirt off when did he
decide when that happens I wonder like
me a moment just right that's how you do
it pre pre mic rapper grabs a mic well
his body is a source of pride he enjoys
what the fruits of his labor yeah and
his appetite for indulgence I don't know
if it's a body as much as it is a
building it's a body people know what's
his body they know he's the party animal
and they go all right fuck yeah he's fun
it is a lot of fun it's a particle that
was written about that like we're
talking about I was reading this guy was
like talking about how hilarious it was
it's a party it definitely is absurd II
he is an animal and sometimes you know I
mean there's the opposite where people
are just kind of quiet on stage laugh
just by taking off my shirt I think I'd
go for it why not start off with it but
now the problem is I think Burt owns it
which is weird
you know Mike he's like you think he
should have some like a little bit of a
feeling about it no like he owns it like
if I just wanted to go up and take your
shirt off people go what do you copy it
he's the only comic Dee robing every
time but there's some weird ones like
that Bobby Bobby Lee takes his pants off
I mean I've seen that that weenie weenie
a few times winking at me from the green
rooms of the comics you should probably
not tell people that
stop doing it people probably get mad
now get mad I throw things out yeah you
can't no you can't not do it they're
like take off the shirt do the jump on
him on stage tackle yeah yeah but I mean
there's there's a couple dudes who go
clothed
clovis you got their pants and their
shirts but we're that that's Bert's
thing yeah it is weird
you're right though if anybody else were
to do it they would know that that was a
Burt situation there's another one like
that that we were just talking about the
other night at the comic store like how
crazy does that someone like took over
like a thing yeah a stand-up comedian I
think I wanna know what it is well
there's like a cup there's a comic in
New York or just snaps like a snap every
time it you know what fraser-smith I
love watching fraser-smith when he's
like come on people these are jokes and
he like it's like it's like a timekeeper
I like that right yes in rhythm yeah it
keeps you in rhythm it's it's musical up
there sometimes if it's going but it
goes well it's weird how people can
become like a thing like this is the guy
who talks about food I know I was
thinking about that like how what what
what comes first in that scenario
doesn't naturally evolve or does it
happen once and then the person builds
around it because it's a crutch hmm
there's there's a fine line between the
art and the marketing exactly
yeah and in who you know do your thing
like it's a short life why not find that
little niche that works for you and
fucking make that money and have fun and
bring some joy to people who gives a
fuck I have a problem with people who
talk shit about people going after what
they're doing and finding a little trick
to it who cares
you get angry if they get tricked yeah
that's true that's true
fucking tricky can't believe this shit
I'm not I remember there was this lady
who reviewed video games she was like
talking about video games and they found
a video of her from years earlier saying
the Chesnee and play video games they're
like I don't even play video games yeah
the reason is like evidence I was like
this is this is this is during that
whole gamergate thing like this is
evidence that the world has gone mad
people are arguing over whether or not
someone is
a real video game player you're not even
a real player you fake play people have
too much time on their hands man too
much time and they get stock in that
they get stuck in that like webby
universe well not just that like yeah
people change like I wasn't playing
video games just three months ago now
Jamie and Jeff and I were playing them
every fucking day we play this quick
game Oh Jamie fucked me up yesterday you
beat his ass meet me in the hospital it
doesn't feel good yeah we have fun we
have fun we talk a lot of shit just
gonna say you probably talked a lot of
shit you lost no did you cry I did fuck
me up on this one map that I was very
angry at this map keep falling off when
the environment cuz when you do go out
you do suicide but it's not that common
that other one it's just like every time
I think you in if you're jumping and you
don't look behind you you like fuck ah
ah you watch yourself fall ya explode
when you hit the rock how many times you
fall some some of the range of 30 not
joking you really are no and here's me
falling fuck dammit fuck fuck this map
shut this map son of a bitch fuck what
the fuck
and then Jeff's getting good to come
problem Jeff fucked me up history too I
think it's good to have like I wish I
was good at video games I'm not I'm not
bad what do you wish why would you want
that skill because I think it's good
like the hand-eye coordination and just
like I don't know being able relax a
game fuckin Chinook it wouldn't be them
drone pilots in Vegas I do so what do
you think about UFOs 100% real
hundreds don't really ever see one um I
did actually see one really I did in New
York City this was years ago I was
walking downtown nice to bartend at this
place called Puffy's tavern and in
Tribeca
walking downtown beautiful sunny day and
as I'm crossing the street I'm just
looking at everybody I'm
looking up like what are these people
can I look up and there's this like I
don't know like a weird oval chrome
thing in the sky pretty far up but you
could see what it was and I was I
remember talking they dude I'm like what
is that and he was videotaping it's like
I don't know we've all been standing
here it hasn't really moved it just was
kind of suspended in the air not a lot
of sound at all and I had to get to work
I'm like all right well I gotta go make
cowboy cocksuckers for investment
bankers so let me know what happens and
I went to the bar and it was on the news
at the bar and it was just this weird it
looked like like that bullet that little
bullet vibrator thing or like a little
suppository in the sky it was like a
like a like a balloon yeah like almost
like a balloon but a little bit more
elongated very quiet it was bizarre a
blimp
nah not like it sat upright it was
almost like an this was oval shape so
did cam
yes soda-can exactly in the sky right
but all right side up yep it was bizarre
but that was like the only real time I
was like what is that huh I've never
remember being a little kid thinking
that I might have saw something but I'm
gonna just convince myself to sales
board and also as your memory recalls
you recreate but what do you remember I
don't remember anything really what I
was gonna say is I've watched this bob
lazar in area 51 documentary oh boy
holy shit it's really interesting it's a
lot more interesting than I thought I
always like to like dismiss a lot of the
UFO stuff because the most likes is non
science is so silly but my friend Dave
Foley who I treasure and I value his
opinion very highly he told me that he
started getting obsessed with UFOs he
said thanks to you I'm obsessed with
UFOs thanks to me I don't even
obsessions I'm sure no but he and I when
we used to work together on Newsradio I
was deep in my obsession with UFOs I was
convinced what kicked it off just
tearing people's stories if you only had
one experience as a kid I don't even
think I really did have an experience I
think I probably saw a jet fly overhead
no I think that might be useful but talk
to myself it'd be weird that you had an
obsession not based off of your own
experiences that's bizarre
yeah I've always been
super super obsessed with space yeah I
think I had a really good teacher
in seventh grade science and I remember
he said if you really want to make your
brain hurt just look up and and try to
imagine something that has no end has no
end just you can't you want to hurt your
head just look up at the sky and
understand there's no end to this it
doesn't make any sense I was making
stuff because everything else in life in
existence has a finality to every single
thing yeah we think but this guy when he
planted that shit in my head I remember
thinking wow I never even thought of
that before
like I just looked at the stars until be
like oh there's the stars they look cool
oh there's the moon kid you know the
perspective of like the vastness yeah
but when I was 13 this guy said that 13
maybe 14 no 12 yes 12 somewhere in that
range 7th or 8th grade you're just
starting out right yeah I remember him
saying that to me and then being
obsessed with space after that obsessed
like one thing that a teacher said and I
was immediately like what like that was
one of the first cool things ever heard
at school you know one cool well he was
a cool teacher he was a Vietnam vet
there was a couple of these guys that
were Vietnam vets that were super scary
they were scary it's good to have a
teacher like that though so many like
that whole thing like our education
system really fails a student sometimes
I have teachers who invoke curiosity out
of children who actually care and have a
you know interesting curriculum that
they bring to the table
I only had a couple teachers like that
that I can really remember but yeah I
think three the three teachers that I
really remember like wow that lady was
so nice out of your entire schooling
yeah yeah the same I had a really cool
miss a lot when was my first grade
teacher and she'd have us lineup outside
of her door and she always had a pop
collar she always smelled good show he's
at a pop collar and when you'd walk in
her classroom if you had a collar she'd
pop it Larry just brought this like
right like it just we felt like we were
our own little
clan in there like the missile uh twin
clan that's what it was like when did
you know that you wanted to be a
comedian early early on like eight years
old I was young yeah I was entertaining
my sister no shut but I didn't know that
I could make a career out of it cuz
where I grew up there wasn't those like
outlets there you know we didn't have
like theater or any sort of cultural
exposure that I could you know adhere to
and just like okay cool I'm gonna be no
gay people thank you know gay people
they were hiding because they didn't
want to be murdered how old you when you
first were on stage 19 oh yeah I was 19
years old I thought you had to wait
until 21 I didn't realize afterwards
that you can get into a bar as a
performer I'll make sure you don't drink
yeah there was this cool place called
the cantab lounge which is a I mean your
Boston right now you know you know about
all about it
Cambridge area had this bar called the
can tap lounge and downstairs there was
this little performance space called the
third rail and I stood do improv for
like six months and then one of the
dudes is like you should try stand-up
you might you might like it and this one
Cambridge oh yeah that's where I started
stand-up and this was on I see I was 19
I'm 36 now what you're doing them I
can't do that math you would you're the
scientist I'm the doctor I don't have
time to do math I have to write too busy
with my calculations about the size of
your stethoscope I can't do the math - I
was nineteen nineteen I don't know what
year it was 20 2000 2000 I was amazed
twenty-two years ago holy for 23 years
ago what 80 years ago fuck you were bad
at math just like me well it was
whatever this may be doubting just
making know what so you're 36 now yeah
stand up when you're 19 almost 20 years
ago almost when you yeah yeah yeah and
my dad was there actually I've on tape
you have it on tape I do the first time
I ever don't and I watch it I did it
fucked me up for months oh my god dude
fucked me up for mine why did I think I
could do this
and like it was just everything you
could imagine it was it was it was all
the things things it was just all the
little clumsy clumsy and fast and not
rooted in like a negative about my life
it just was sort of a reflection of what
I saw essentially you go up there and
you imitate something until you have
your own voice for the most part yeah
for sure but I have it on tape and I'll
never forget you know we even videotaped
afterwards my dad came out from Syracuse
to watch it my dad said he's since
passed in October but he came out he was
there for my first stand-up show and
he's like babe you're gonna be fine dude
my dad's not in the industry he doesn't
know shit this dude was like you know
he's sold real estate and bartend like
he wasn't like in the entertainment
industry but he's like babe you're gonna
be fine you're great because you got
high energy he was like you're gonna be
fine cuz you're up there and you got
high energy that's in the people like
like okay dad so I just kind of always
thought about that like aspect of it
like just my my physicality and not
feeling embarrassed by it you know what
did you ever say to your dad hey what
about Stephen right yeah you know he
definitely he liked comedians like that
one of my dad's favorite comics was
Stanhope
he loves Stanhope I'll never forget I
did a show with Stanhope and Syracuse
actually and my dad was sitting next to
me while we're watching Stanhope and he
leaned over he was like man the mind on
this guy it's like one of the brightest
brightest people I've ever heard in my
life dad get out more
well he's using a grave now he's only
getting out was a ghost he's probably a
drunk ghost at some girl's house right
now cuz he can't find mine Stanhope is
getting ready to film another special
yeah
very excited to watch yeah it's gonna be
great Santa was he's he's like the I
don't ways like the equalizer when it
comes to what's going on in society it
just has a way of being like boom this
is what's going on with gun control and
with people being offended by
terminology and words here's why it's
ridiculous yeah he's good like that
well he works you know he's a guy that
he and he works on his own schedule he
decides when to write when to perform
when the tour when to do and he was
always like I might
fucking retire and then right back at it
a special coming out next year yeah he's
always he's always working he is always
working he has his own gloves oh yeah
yeah he's amazing I love watching him
glad he's out there cuz he's just like
he's basically an older version of the
guy he was like 20 plus years ago it's
not Leigh it's not changed at all other
than like become more wacky yeah was
fuckin goofy suits anybody
that's fuckin suits every time I see but
here's the thing like that's one of the
things like he owns the snow she's just
gonna say yeah we can wear the suit if
you wear a goofy suit like a really
shitty suit like stanhope tea peach
colored suit with ruffles
he wears like loafers like an old man
from Caddyshack - yeah he looks like he
used to sell cars 20 years ago and kept
the outfit yeah and I loved it Frasier
Smith's long-lost cousin he looks like a
ghost
Toledo its cousin from Toledo sells cars
he looks like a ghost from the Titanic
he rents out clowns yeah shoes shoes but
you're right that's his that's his thing
yeah that's his look no one can hear
suits and he's been rocking this look
for quite a while now like he used to
dress like a normal person
well semi I mean there was a there was
always a level of eccentric yeah I could
replace his entire wardrobe for $40 yeah
I mean you could get that jacket for $2
it's amazing that it finds him all that
seemed to be tailored he's a fraud he
takes these good thing he takes these
shitty fabrics to like a real high-end
tailor and he has them like slim fitted
me get them for tens he finds them he
definitely get some nice tailored look
at shirts a bum jacket that's sure it's
not bummed though it's all nice and
clean it's nice and clean but I'm saying
it looks like a bum that struck it rich
real quick like he got money fast and
didn't know what to do so we just bought
the same suits but cleaner now if a bomb
struck it rich they'd be wearing like
the finest things I saw on the windows
of those department stores and they were
on the outside
in a garbage bag to Prada yeah yeah once
you got on your feet and cleaned up and
stuff days to get used to the fact that
you're rich now I don't know if I'd be
able to I obviously I don't have a knack
for fashion I'm in like a gangster
hillbilly overall outfit but works I
don't know if I'd be able to like just
know what to wear after being homeless
for so long
first you got to kick the heroin and the
piss-stained shirt yeah you got to kick
all that you got to clean your body up
you got a hundred million dollars in the
bank now Claude what I'm saying there's
a little bit of a process yeah you know
you're not going from like shit staying
shorts to Gucci pants well most people
don't even make it you know like when
when people win money in the lottery
they almost always spend it all or go
crazy it's like I don't think people get
adjusted to that idea that all of a
sudden boom so he just drops off a giant
chunk of change like if you got
inheritance money from grandpa yeah he's
yeah million dollars like you're gonna
burn through that chest most people I
don't even think it's reserved for
homeless people I mean like rappers
athletes comedians yeah it's it's like
that's what goes back to our education
system we're not taught financial
responsibility in a high school we
should be listen it doesn't matter if
you teach comedians financial
responsibility most of us are not going
to follow coal civ I wanted to just at
least have something save for the future
because I knew that about myself that I
did not know enough so I started to save
some and do a little bit of googling for
every Kevin Hart who has like real
knowledge about finances there's like
four dudes like me like a custom gym in
16 cars on the way how many time for
thinking but do you like that like what
you know as a woman you know our
indulgences are like you know going to
the spa or maybe shopping like what's
your thing like on a day off what do you
do that brings you joy that is it is a
commercial legal material a material
thing obviously you like your cars John
the cars but I enjoy I'm a big fan of
engineering like I'm a mile of
mechanical things like like I think my
favorite car have this car that doesn't
have any power steering
doesn't have air-conditioning and it's
got an air-cooled engine it's one of my
favorite cars what is it which the 1993
Porsche RS it's a really light car not
really even that fast it's not fast like
a modern car it's definitely not fast
compared to my Tesla Tesla is the
craziest fucking car I've ever driven by
far every other car seems stupid what
might seem dumb it's the Model S yeah
Wow fucking preposterous how fast that
car is in just a technology on it
and does it also have auto oh yeah all
the drives does everything how does that
work like if you're driving down the
highway if you set up Auto does it
legitimately go to your destination you
have to hit this little thing to switch
lanes to see that you want to switch
lanes but it'll switch lanes for you it
will drive with the speed of traffic so
it'll slow down when traffic slows down
speed up and traffic speeds up it turns
it makes perfect turns Wow it's crazy so
could you just be cuz you're so now and
let it go you really shouldn't but you
probably could Wow you hold your hand on
the steering wheel like you're supposed
to have light pressure on the steering
wheel apparently some crazy fucks have
that's what it looks like on the screen
wow they just updated it like last week
yeah to recognize stoplights that is so
I mean the future is now that is so wild
bananas but someone told me I don't know
if it's true and it's irresponsible for
me to even say it but I'm gonna say it
do it this is your podcast you're gonna
go crazy someone said that you can
bypass the touch sensors on the steering
wheel that knows if you're holding on
the steering wheel with the tennis ball
these shove a tennis ball in there and
if you do that you can just go to sleep
and the fuck well you know what modern
Darwinism will take care of the rest
people to die either but people do dumb
things all the time but there's a
difference between those kind of cars
and the cars that I really like I like
these mechanical cars they feel you feel
the gears like see this guy's got a
tennis ball oh he's got an orange oh
shit in there he's got a little citrus
these citrus works for driving as well
as getting rid of back
Syria yeah he debunked Tesla's auto pied
orange hack
oh he debunked it Oh Stu see if it
worked or not I see it seems like it's
working it does look like it's working
so but you're it makes you hold on to it
like every now and then it doesn't make
you hold on to it all the time as it
sure ducking failed it actually does
work that way I mean how is going on in
your life that you can't I enjoy driving
I enjoy the mechanism of it I enjoy
where my mind goes I like blasted my
music I may or may not hit a joint may
or may not allegedly probably not but
you know I enjoy driving well I do too
but I think if there was a button that
you press let's say you drive and the
car just drives all the fucking time
most the time when you're in traffic you
just don't want to deal that's true
especially in LA if I'm going to the
airport I get up in the morning I just
hit that ball yeah I hit that let's go
bitch press that button no I barely pay
attention tap that shit all the way to
the airport
yeah see that's there's certain
situations where it would be useful
definitely but when you're driving like
say if you're driving in a canyon and
you know like you're up these hills and
and driving around these like beautiful
scene scenic places you want to be
driving like a little sports car with a
manual transmission
yeah you wanna feel it in the wheel and
hug in the corners like a military
person feel like he he can add that to
the Tesla
No why not don't feel the gears you
won't feel the grinding you won't feel
the shifting of the only the gear
yourself doesn't have any gears like
there's so many oral experiences you'd
have to be lying to me about first of
all here's one the revving of the engine
like when you get up to redline when
you're shifting gears like there's a
sound that I especially like a really
well engineered German car has when they
hit those high revs yeah it's a just a
it's a symphony of coordinated mechanics
it's all
quiet
and you're shifting and youth really hit
the fucking you blip on the downshift
like on the downshift you do what's
called heel towing well you got one foot
on the brake and you go like this come
on so that as you're going from third to
second you give it a little extra juice
so that your engine rpm catches up with
where the gears gonna be when you get
into second gear is gonna Rev higher so
yeah and you're all dis like a
coordinated effort all these things are
happening it's not just like sitting
there like with an orange on your
steering right now and around it's
something else going on I just came in
my pants from that whole description of
made farts out but here's the thing it
doesn't matter if you make this sound I
want to feel the shift no Jamie you're
pushing your foot into the clutch you're
putting the thing in the ear it's a
mechanical action you can't fake that no
you can't find that even Elan I bet you
Lankan face he's not going to if he did
it would be less good than what he has
what he's got is better than any other
car it's a basic level of driving it's
not you know you're not interactive with
shifting and everything which is
probably the fun of having a car where
you can actually drive it manually well
there's things first of all with his car
they don't have any gears it's just one
gear it doesn't shift it doesn't change
yeah it doesn't hit a redline and then
you have to move to third gear right or
it does it itself it just has one gear
and then on top of that it has this
giant navigation screen I mean it's huge
fucking thing you've ever seen in your
life it's like 14 inches tall right and
then on top of that it's got like all
these safety features it's looking at
things and warning you about this and
shows you or all the cars are around you
as you're driving I was like having my
mom in the front seat sounds like just
to get something over there something
here watch out for that Huns like all
right shut up what if your mom was
psychic and - just sending it to your
brain that's like telling it right it
shows it doesn't like say everything but
doesn't it have like a fart machine in
there I read that there's like a fart
machine in the in the Tesla's well you
should read more what it was a whoopee
cushion
it's a
fart sound that it can make if you want
it to right
so when people say fart machine dude a
fart machine would make actual farts
well it makes a fart noise though right
yes right so I mean essentially it's a
fart machine just not like a well sound
effect mechanics do a machine there's no
machine but there's like the yes that's
great that's enough for me
kinds of farts what yeah yeah you can
have like wet farts Oh short little tiny
farts hookworm farts what do you think a
hookworm fart fart smell like like
rotten fish ok car guess some dead worms
inside your body but like like a river
soaked carcass have you ever seen an
animal I know you have a lot of dogs you
ever seen an animal shit out worms no
and I I definitely don't want to but now
the image is just vivid in my mind I
have many times like how many times are
we talking oh like worms coming out of
their butt like you look in there but
you see like a little worms yeah you
never seen that had so many dogs in my
life
that's what does that mean that they're
like not normal dogs that I haven't had
them crap out worms well they probably
didn't get dewormed you know they didn't
get their pet rescue dogs yeah for you
know the deworming stuff takes place and
when I was a kid our dog had it and I
remember watching like little worms come
out of her but I was like raising little
white worms wigging out uh but what in
the fuck is this
nature's weird man there's something
even on everything yeah oh yeah there's
an organism feeding on an organ is all
this is just organisms feeding on each
other yeah one big fuck fest with
organisms or more leech fest yeah it is
a leech fast yeah these things I think
they fuck do you think those parasitic
worms fuck no they just probably
separately they damages you know they
just divide themselves there's no sex
happening there like it speaking of fuck
did you see that Python that they found
in the middle of the Everglades it was
17 feet long
oh my I was like so I agree with it I
saw this there's one things I said I was
talking about exotic pets I googled that
they get to 30 feet long I can't even
understand that that is ridiculous this
one
I went down a hole I did I saw that
Python hole the rectal records 17 foot
long Python carrying 73 eggs captured in
Flora's Everglades another reason we
should just get rid of Florida snap it
off and push it into the ocean there's
too much craziness happening there that
fucking snake now here's the thing that
freaked me out I found out those snakes
get twice that length ah so this has
only been going on apparently for like
the last 15 or so years they apparently
didn't have a real population of pythons
in the Everglades 15 years ago did
somebody's pet get loose that thing at
73 eggs no no they didn't get loose some
asshole just released his snake someone
just chucked it out the window and then
it fucks up the balance of the ecosystem
they escaped from a breeding facility
destroyed by Hurricane Andrew in 1992
well that makes sense
a hundred percent how horror movie
starts great horror movie somebody write
that script tens of thousands of Burmese
pythons are estimated and now be living
in the area and that's just now they've
completely wiped out all the raccoons
all the skunk's all the rabbits no
matter how yeah they're eating
alligators now nice those things eat
alligators at the video to see forget it
dude maybe shamefully there's a
photograph of one that died because the
alligator chewed its way out of its body
nature is so but there's some beauty in
that ruthlessness just just that like
undying desire for survival that exists
in creatures like that that can't
there's no empathy there's no sympathy
they're just gonna eat their way out of
you to survive yeah there's something
cool about as long as it's not your
five-year-old kid that gets no
absolutely absolutely that's a goddamn
nightmare do this show this but this is
just for you guys she's just one doing
this is meeting one I think this is an
anaconda and a caiman says Python eats
alligator alive I mean it's the whole
thing alive oh is that a Python for sure
oh yeah it seems like it is it seems
like this that's actually a video of me
eating a grilled cheese and chewy
look at how it is sped up but look how
it gets all the way down to the fucking
tail that is amazing I wonder if snakes
have taste buds or if it's just for pure
hunger to just stop and think about what
we're looking at here this fucking snake
just ate a whole alligator there goes a
tail
oh it's body it's just my god look at
that Danny he's gotta go away and chill
because they're vulnerable when they eat
that he's gonna go and just hide in a
hide under a canopy well that's why
there's not just aches everywhere on
earth well now there are in Florida yeah
but I mean they're not everywhere
because if they they really could just
eat and then go out and eat again like
real quick like how a lion could write
it would be they would eat all the
ecosystem would be destroyed eat about
anything where the alligator chewed its
way out look at all so kind of badass of
that alligator
it looks like the tail popped out yeah
maybe the tail you know cuz those tails
are very strong and they're so thick
it's like an armor go to that website
that's wild Jesus that is really wild
but that's just shows you how hungry
these fucking things are they've eaten
everything that's out there but also
their masters their their ability to
capture something and then kill it
that's that vicious you brought an
alligator like those are kind of hard to
sneak up on and capture and hold on to I
don't think they are I think you don't
think so no I think that's one of the
reasons why it could get it so quick I
think they just lay around most of the
time I think alligators don't tweak
because they don't have any natural
enemies until the pythons came along
because they're so badass yeah I don't
think they're equipped for this yeah
they're probably not equipped for your
pie right where they're just there the
snake found a vulnerability in the
system he was like I'm gonna snack on
alligators wonder how long it takes a
snake with a nasty gut juices to break
down alligator hide three three three
days three to four days that's my guess
I'm gonna say at least a week to break
down all that maybe even longer yeah
it's got to have some gnarly like acids
in its stomach to break that down yeah
some shit like from the movie alien yes
like battery acid huh
it just burns right through it
why aren't we like using snake acid to
break down rust on cars and stuff we
should be looking into that yeah I would
clean up everything I would set up
everything an animated recreation of the
Python alligator battle suggest that the
Python might have survived its massive
meal but that a second Gator came to the
rescue and bit off the snake's head Oh
was that the alligators bitch being like
no the force of the tussle the new
theory says is what caused the Python
last whoa
so our alligator came and fucked him I
call me eight alligator homie came in
rescued they have any homies really no
assholes
I think they're assholes with tiny
little brains and they just chew things
and suck them down they just fuck
reptilian style did you ever see that
video of the crocodiles and they go to
feed them and it was on my Instagram
Jamie that one with the crocodile well
this person goes to throw some chicken
out for the crocodiles and the
crocodiles snap up the chicken and one
crocodile reaches over to the guy next
to him and bites his leg Oh
bites the crocodiles leg and his roll oh
god snaps it off and tranqs it down
swallows it and the other alligator the
other crocodile rather doesn't even
budge oh he just got his arm bit off
he's like what happened oh my fuck this
is when you realize what these things
are they don't give a fuck there's it's
so crazy to watch their dinosaurs
doesn't even freak out that it's arm got
bitten off and swallowed by his name
well I will say if I'm eating a really
delicious sandwich and someone bites me
imma be like I'm just gonna finish the
sandwich I have to be honest how hungry
are you if you're very hungry
well he's not even finishing he's lying
there and the other out or the other
crocodile bites his leg and then rips it
off watch this shit just watch it boom
now watch they run in see this one's
snacking up and look grabs it and I'll
watch Gator roll death snaps it off and
I watch Chuck sit down cool but look at
him
he doesn't even do anything what the
fuck bro he just lost his leg and he's
like what the fuck bro I mean those are
not regenerative right yes they are they
are can he grow another paw whoa yeah
they grow other paws all the time that's
yeah that is so
wild well I once like some Gator DNA in
my face I bet yeah that's really good
for just like keeping your shit fresh or
you look like scales you want that
they'll be kind of cool forever
scales I'd be a superhero I could
probably capitalize on it but what you
look like right just no scales to your
face to them right now
I'm not gonna wear any Rouge I got
scales I'm gonna go out some girl had to
be the first girl you get a face tattoo
you could be the first girl you get
scales probably some probably a really
long time ago someone's got a face
tattoo
well most tribal yeah most likely try
definitely a tribal maybe like one of
those polyandrous tribes
what is this Jamie so it looks like a
snake with alligator inside of it yeah
oh it does take three days for it to
break down scientists doctors coming
into your lane better watch out I'm a
doctor and a scientist know all about
acid I know about acids because I'm
Italian I've got agita that's the
Cillian science yeah he's got the
fucking odd Kenny you know meet the
bottles they give me the odd you know
huh you know what's crazy about the
Everglades is if this is how it is now
imagine what its gonna be like 20 years
from now these things just keep reading
yeah it's gonna take it's gonna take a
few generations for that to balance back
out they need to put some wolves in that
area and get it all back to where it
should be well they have crocodiles in
there No - there's been confirmed
sightings of Nile crocodiles not
American crocodiles Nile crocodiles for
the same reason that's wild
where the alligators are yeah that's
fucked yeah it's fucked because those
are the ones that eat zebras and shit
yeah they're getting everything they're
gonna be eating that watch hide your
kids hide your wife yeah they don't
definitely I mean he this is I'm sayin
he found a lane and me he capitalized it
off of that little moment he did for a
little bit yeah for a hot minute and now
we know who he is by just saying a
phrase yeah I met him you did yeah I met
him at one of the UFC's oh that's wild
how was he a gentleman er very nice guy
who's super confused about his life sure
fuck is going on here why am I here
everybody knows me like he went from
being just a regular guy talking about
break-ins yeah he was on the news
interview - dude on the news he was so
funny that he became like a viral star
and then next thing you know like Dana
White flew him out to the UFC Mountain
backstage like what is this life Wow how
about that like cash me outside girl she
is a rapper she's got like 20 million
followers on Instagram dude she's
rapping she's got a giant billboard on
sunset
you know buildings where they have the
whole thing body B body but bad baby bad
Bobby bad bitch Yvonne sadaebu but you
know when I sometimes when I work out I
put female rapper station on spider and
she pops up look at look at his hair now
living your truth
hold on a second formerly gay yep
antoine dodson announces his baby boy's
birth after expressing his desire to get
married was a confusing headline but
live it do it a formerly gay well you
know he looks great there you should be
open to change people who should be do
you think that someone can be gay and
then that it could switch over
absolutely and they stop being gay and
they start being attracted to women
well absolutely why not we're on a dot
suspended and nothing that's expanding
hmm why not why not why is that so
stunning to think right like what is
that possible because I think what you
just said people exist some people exist
in these comfortable bubbles and they
have the routines and they fear change
because of the exhaustion because of
what it takes and then when they hear
somebody else live in a life that's
outside of their little bubble regimen
they freaked out because maybe it
reflects their own inability to change
themselves or their fear of changing so
I think a lot of that where people like
you know look at someone like Antoine
Dodson who's in a wig and wears glip
glops are like what's that first of all
you don't know that's a way that's
hurtful same hair as Beyonce it's real I
think the same thing when I wake up is
real too by the way that's a real woman
okay
receipt on saying respect yeah better
watch out those hips will snap you can
you can turn on people that way yes by
bringing something up that they didn't
even say yep and then saying don't ever
fucking say anything about her right
well I didn't I'll send your own
defensive be careful people like that I
know what you're gonna say next
you're gonna say yes that's mental
illness you're gonna say that Donald
Trump is a strong leader you're like
wait a minute you're gonna say that we
need border security I know what the
fuck doing racist have a conversation
here I mean we need some border security
don't what god damn it that wormhole
with crazies
did you ever see what the border looks
like in Canada the middle of the forest
I would imagine sooner like maple syrup
fountains no that's paved it's like not
paved it's um it's like trimmed all the
trees are trimmed and this is little
concise wide there's like a path that's
a hundred yards wide that it was like
the border between us like say if this
table was like barren right it's forests
on this side the forest on that side
that's what the path is like the entire
length of the connection between the
United States and Canada that's true
that's trippy also did you just call me
barren
no I didn't I said it's barren I was
like true probably that's wild have you
seen it in person no no no I just found
out about like two weeks ago that's
really cool
crocodiles apparently can't regrow their
limbs oh that's a bummer
are you sure I just looked at other
amphibians can but crocodiles and
alligators can't I guess they're not I
can live without a limb or two it says
but they can't regrow bummer
hmm you would think they would cuz you
would think like genetically similar
like salamanders on a couple websites I
mean I'm not I'm not the scientist here
well we know you aren't because he's
sitting right here I'm not a scientist
either there of something that sounds
good
you're a doctor of theirs that just
looks like a power line yeah no doubt
looks like cocaine it's like a big line
yes no there's no touching zone zone
right there
that's my that's all my zones there's
that crazy that's the border between the
years fall by the way if you go up there
and that is God's country that is
spectacular
I would love to blaze a blunt and walk
that whole fucking thing it'll freak you
out
do you ever go hiking deep in where you
got no cell phone reception and you get
to I
like where it's that deciduous but like
an you know like a Judas it'd you a
second big but I am somewhat well-read
I'm a fucking doctor I forgot you were a
doctor I'm a doctor I'd like to be a
doctor of something what do I feel
you're a doctor of I feel you're a
doctor of comedy for sure I don't have
it though there's no no I know there's
no mastery we you and I have talked
about this before and you know I said
something like I don't know you were
like how's comedy I'm like I'm just
trying to figure it out you're like none
of us ever will
I'm not saying that like you're the end
of it but I think I was watching you
onstage at The Comedy Store and
Hinchcliffe was next to me and you know
you're doing your set killing and having
a great show and this woman he yells out
in the middle of a joke and you just
kept fucking going
you were so disciplined you didn't miss
a beat you didn't acknowledge her you
didn't give her any sort of energy or
attention you just were so like in your
joke and I looked at Tony and he was
like I know everybody else would have
went to her of eight you know totally
just like abandon their joke and messed
up the flow but you just in that day I
was like damn I need to I need to stick
to my jokes more than like indulging
people who are yelling at me from the
sometimes you have to indulge and
sometimes they are also gonna ruin it
for the people around them that's the
number one thing to like oh people go
yeah you just can't fuckin hang like
people have said that like Chris D'Elia
they were this lady called him what did
she say she goes you're a planner not a
comedian a real comedian can deal with
someone yelling something out okay it's
totally shut the fuck up and get out of
there and they kicked her out and that
was your thing that you're a planner but
you know that I'll text Chris D'Elia
know where you have fucking planner bro
you're such a planner comedians are the
most unorganized people ever if anything
they're the worst planner sometimes you
have to address them sometimes yeah the
real problem is that they're they're
fucking it up for the people around them
they think they're just there
interacting with you but they'd not take
into consideration the fact that even if
you don't like what someone saying let
them say it because there's 300 other
fucking people in the room and you you
don't get to this side you're not the
program director right you don't get to
decide
what you like or don't like and just
because you're in front of that person
you yell something out if the whole
audience is sitting there watching the
performance and the guy's working his
way through some material or the woman
by the way sorry let them fucking finish
their shit man do you find you have
which gender yells out more or is it
equal
oh it's equal it's just dumb equal men
to women's yeah almost women
really yeah I'd say for me it's been
like 95% women I think I'd probably say
maybe there's a little bit of an event a
little bit of a number difference in
favor of men doing it obviously you
probably have a more male-dominated
audience than I would yeah but guys
bring their girlfriends the girlfriends
like fuck him always listening to him
he's a fucking idiot do you really
believe what is saying enough people
just listen you can get confused and
think you know what the fuck you're
talking about that's what he is
just cuz a lot of people are listening
to him doesn't mean he noted the fuck
he's talking about and he worship I'm
like oh my god do you love him are you
in a bromance you should be embarrassed
of your side I don't give a fuck what
Joe Rogan yes that man bringing that up
god he's even Rio s disgusting he's very
angry oh he looks like a man Abe you
also the appeal is that you look like a
Manny well I get it gals I don't want to
listen to fucking Taylor Swift songs
either out a few songs that are not bad
you've got daughters in your house I
know you danced in Swift I probably have
if I've been hammered the thing is it's
like it's not my thing it's not like
what I would listen to all the time yeah
that's not my go to you know and yeah
people have different go twos doesn't
make it right or wrong but if you get
dragged into someone else's go - you got
to grin and bear it
anybody ever take you to a musical Jesus
fuckin it's it's it's a thing I went to
music I went to like three musicals one
of them I only went to cuz Stamos was in
it do - do
he's tell everybody jessiemae might have
a bit of a stalker
stalker I am not stalking he's a very
nice man he reached out to me when my
father passed he was very nice to me
she's very very nice well but all joking
aside you do have about a hundred
photoshop's of you with John Stamos I'm
sorry Caitlin huge joke my fans make you
know they superimpose me I find a photo
of his honey and I'm like there's one
horse he posted a picture of him on bed
like from like the full house era I was
like somebody put me on the back eight
lanai always apologized to his wife and
child I mean for the most part but it's
a long-running joke that you've been
doing for years now you kidding me
like I loved him as a kid and I told
this story before but I have a I had a
poster of him above my bed as a kid that
I literally kissed so much I wore a hole
in his mouth Rudo Rogan
did you ate through the paper were you
looking at doing all the things yeah all
of the things yeah but I went to a
musical he was in bye-bye birdie very
delightful very talented man and then I
went to a couple others but they are I
fell asleep and the other ones
the ruthless thereit's and the
intermission kills me it's like why
don't we just get it done let's just go
straight through yeah I think I would
like to see the Book of Mormon that's
like oh yeah you know that's that's a
that's the exception I saw that it's
awesome yeah those guys are geniuses
it's it's just really well read to a
really well-written rather it's really
funny there's a really good story
they did their homework but I saw cats
once when I was on a date I was appalled
819 fuck that fuck yes in general who I
guess they're scary in real life why you
want to go see them sing and they're
standing up right that's a nightmare
you're a dog person not a cat person I I
would like a hairless cat like a sphinx
I think they're cool this shit in a box
in your house perfect Senor I'm gonna
change my toilet to be Roman fuck yeah
I'm gonna shit a bucket
yeah they shit in a box but that's a
great things gross sometimes my dog's
crap on the carpet if they're you know
irritable but cats are weird man cats I
don't have you can trust a cat you trust
some cats you have a couple cats don't
you you've got a fucking zoo I'm so
jealous I want to come over and just pet
everything in your house cool my dogs
died recently I'm sorry with him last I
guess it was probably almost a year now
it was Marshall said uh he didn't
understand what was going on he looks
like he's just pure joy and happy he is
all the time he's the happiest Artemis
he's so he brings me joy I just started
following one history he's so happy
follow your dog on Instagram he's my
buddy
he's it's so weird well you can see you
guys have a straight bond he's so
affectionate do you run him off leash in
the morning when you go oh yeah yeah no
tickets you know he's been um he's got
tick medication that he's taken but we
have caught him with a couple of ticks
home without all that luxurious hair
those ticks are probably like he's drunk
yeah he he loves it though he's never
seen anything in his pure joy as that
dog is like running through the canyons
ah he just loves that he's so happy
how do you keep him so clean I mean I
know you got that like Joe Rogan
experience money but he is luxurious
called water well I mean quality I just
have water and I've seen these mangled
beasts they really don't and they wonder
why they lash out yeah Marshalls not
like if for cats when you die cats will
start eating your face in like 16 hours
dogs wait about a week that long yeah
The pieman wait that long dogs we read
them yeah they love you a little bit
more they won't eat you right away I
don't even know if Marshall would eat
you I think you'd wait I wouldn't even
know what you were probably wouldn't
understand it he would just keep
throwing balls at you just rolling him
over to you you just wine my he woke me
up yesterday was a fucking really
annoying whining you decides to get up
like I got home from the comedy store
I'd like to and then I watched some
goofy I've been on this UFO documentary
watching UFO documentaries
yeah I told you as David I'd say I
started talking about it yeah we were
talking about that what were you did you
have something specific that you would
saw recently a documentary one of them
is area area 51 Bob Lazar and Aliev area
51 in flying saucers it's uh some
documentary on this guy who claimed that
he worked on these alien ships in area
51 in the 1980s gels as times gone on
more the things that he said have proven
to actually be true
like what including an element that he
talked about element 115 I think it was
called like a organism from outer space
no no an element like a man created
element you know what this carbon right
yeah well there's an element that they
created that he talked about way before
it was ever publicized and he talked
about this thing and then it turned out
to be true he talked about these there's
these hand monitors that you would put
your hand on this thing and these line
these metal lines would detect the
distances in the bones of your fingers
the exact distances and every one is
different it's like a signature thing
yeah and that they could find out if it
was you or not you it was trying to go
through so the way they would scan
people that bio scan would literally
measure the bones and their fingers and
people said that was horseshit why about
this in the 1980s people said it was
horseshit but then later on turned out
no they did
have that in Los Alamos they did have
that in in area 51 and that this
technology was very very advanced very
not just very advanced but very not it
was not well known at all
like very few people did this guy who
was creative this documentary was very
difficult for them to get photos of this
hand scanner but this hand scanner did
exist and existed exactly as this guy
described it in the 80s I mean that's
super progressive for that time there's
also a panel that did approve his
top-secret clearance to get to this
place they know that he actually worked
there there's people that worked in the
same Los Alamos lab with him they tried
to say he never worked there but his
names on the manifest
it's very strange it's like they've
tried to erase parts of this guy's past
because he he filmed a bunch of their
crafts as they were flying around like
he knew what days this is the thing that
thing right there you put your hand on
that and it actually measures the
distance of the size and length of your
bone that looks like something that's
inside of an escape room in LA I went
into this documentary skeptical I was
shit
yeah but I am I'm so done with all those
things but listen to this guy talk for a
while after a while I was like what if
he's telling the truth like what if he
is actually telling the truth because if
he's actually telling the truth there is
some part of the government that had
access at least in the 1980s to alien
technology probably is some truth to
that crazier things have happened and
also like just your mentality of
believing him it's probably the same
thing that made dr. Malachi Lovejoy
Robinson the third become successful con
artist yeah I mean either this dude
there's validity of what he's saying in
this documentary which I can't wait to
watch or he's just really great at
painting a picture some people are so
good at convincing you that's true of
truths true there's you know people with
like borderline personality disorder and
every sort of spectrum in between there
they become really good manipulators
that is true however usually they do
that in more than one Avenue
absolutely this guy's not doing that
yeah documentary then that also hasn't
varied a story
like it mean he might have like changed
the way says things in terms of like the
words he chooses but the actual story is
exactly the same as he was telling a
long time ago this is a self produced
documentary is there a production
company no production it's like okay
there's probably some validity to this
but this guy's been around for a long
time I remember reading about him and
watching videos about him you know 20
years ago I mean don't you think you're
somebody who you said you know and I
know it's about you you you love space
you're you're obsessed with that the
idea of what we are in the solar system
and beyond like how impossible is it to
think that there could be a creature
that could breach our atmosphere with
some advanced technology and be able to
just sort of chill you know scoot around
scoot scoot smug oops check us out and
fucking peace out back up to wherever
they're I think that's how they do it
yeah yeah they just kind of cruise
around you know they're looking at us
well he had an interesting analogy he
said if you brought a an atomic engine
to these people that live in the
Victorian era and said hey this is uh
this is a nuclear power plant like here
here check this out they would fuck with
it they'd wind up getting sick from
radiation they'd wind up dying no one
would understand what it was or how it
worked
they would never figure it out right he
goes why would we assume that this is
only from that one time with this one
device why would we assume that there'd
be some other technology that maybe will
create someday in the future I'm
paraphrasing him very poorly it's okay
or someone else scientists from another
planet would create that we wouldn't
understand at all and he said that's
what we were dealing with when we're
trying to back engineer the propulsion
systems that these things use they use
some gravity based propulsion system and
it was something that would manipulate
gravity in front of it's very look I
don't I'm too stupid to know the science
of it I don't know if he's tell like if
you were scientists you're supposed to
know these nuts yeah I have to get my
Joseph Rogan degree so I can call him
you should I just want to get an
honorary one like Cosby had why this
it's gone now he doesn't have it anymore
take back those he can't keep that
actually I think he wrote an essay and
that's how they gave him his doctorate
I've got more than one doctor yeah sure
he did and he didn't it didn't deserve
them but I think I mean there's gotta be
stuff out there a hundred percent a
hundred percent but I like to say
there's not it's like a stop you think
no no I don't think it is but it is
entirely possible um
I use that phrase too often and it's
entirely possible you got to get a man
all of those were the most advanced
ability because something has to be the
most advanced absolutely and something
has to be the least we could also be on
that part of the spectrum or maybe we're
the last to evolve it's a hundred
percent 100 percent possible and if
there's if there's an infinite number of
life forms out there like if there's an
infinite number of planets and there's
an infinite number of earth-like planets
that could you know have beings like us
on it who's to say that we're not the
most advanced maybe they're all like
people from the 1820s yeah shit they're
still doing you know I'll think the
chisels stone and chisels but I'm
talking like old old shit they don't
even have pens and papers yet like the
orangutan out fishing with a spear
exactly there's just a bunch of advanced
orangutangs that are like you know
putting hieroglyphics and caves it's
possible it is very possible totally
possible but cuz we're just we're just
basing it off of our own experience and
perception of what we have been exposed
to no idea you know the other really
interesting scenario is that there are
time travelers oh really
that's exciting what they are is some
being from the far distant future that
understands that they could come back
and observe us and see like where things
went wrong where things went right but
do so in a way that's as minimally
intrusive as possible and occasionally
interfere that's things that gives me
chills that freaks me out once you start
fucking with time in our perception of
it and how it exists in
like being able to hop along that
spectrum moment it freaks me the fuck
out there's this movie I saw called a
ghost story and it's not a horror movie
it's kind of about to Patrick Swayze
it's a Casey Affleck in Runa Mara I
think Rooney Rooney Mara ghost
I miss Patrick Swayze so much you miss
him I miss him he's one of those actors
I love if you could bring Patrick Swayze
back and and take away your full house
boy how dare you what's his name again
Joseph Nathanael Rogan I don't know I
mean that's a tough call I mean Swayze
gave us he gave us dirty dancing he gave
us looking for that beauty what a
beautiful man he could move those hips
that was when he was a surfer remember
that was brave yeah he was the rebel
surfer dude do you remember the video on
Saturday Night Live of him and Chris
Farley doing the Chippendales audition
iconic that's iconic comedy that is like
such a great crossroads between beauty
when Chris Farley Chris Farley put it
all out on the table during this sketch
it is so funny I miss I really do miss
Patrick Swayze said I crazy that he was
so fit but yeah he smokes cigarettes you
did it did he really
yeah probably of cancer he probably
smoked cigarettes to stay fit some
people get stuck in that you know they
are afraid of letting it go because they
think it helps with their physique in
maintaining the look Oh models do that
stayin skinny yeah cuz you know it's a
it's an upper yea crease is your heart
rate and all that and whatnot it also
kills your appetite I think totally
kills your taste buds you can't taste
anything
everything is destroying us maybe you
should smoke that's the only way you
should look ass is by smoking cigarettes
they don't taste and getting those brain
cyst like you have to you have to choose
god this is brutal dude you're making me
lose stamos and get a hookworm
I'm just saying Stamos for Swayze Stamos
all day bro reasons for life sorry sways
ste on the other side will be
and I will be messaging you later stop
for a moment really reconsider what
you're saying think about the great
films it's ways you provide us with all
of mankind's entertainment falls in my
shoulders Road House I know and like
also you know house I know I feel mad
house when you look at this IMDB poster
for Roadhouse prints you're either going
through ten seasons of full house or
Road house I mean okay indulgently and
selfishly it's Stamos but on an overall
spectrum it's Swayze all to mankind for
mankind yeah I will I'm sorry Caitlin
I'm gonna have to go with sways sways
all day that's what we said we're gonna
start doing Jamie is doing like fight
companions for like terrible movies was
Stamos we should get barbecued and plays
showgirls that just have a 25th
anniversary
you have to people don't even know it's
a cult classic it's an amazingly bad
movie it's it's so epically bad it's
kind of like what how I felt when I
watched the dirt recently it ended this
girl's career it did it basically no not
at all
didn't it no did she take off after that
she stayed she stayed pretty plateau but
she was that she was on her way to being
a gigantic superstar she's the star of
this movie she's super hot she's half
naked I think she took this movie I'm
speculating but I thought she took this
movie because because it was gonna be
the next thing and ended up being such a
such a brutal failure that maybe I don't
know it's so good it's so bad it's good
it's crazy
and it's got green actors in the Toula
Kyle MacLachlan
that God's a great actor a bad actress
gina gershon is amazing she was in
bye-bye birdie with Stamos on on
Broadway she was amazing what's the cast
you scroll back all the way up to the
top
it is a great kiss all not just images I
mean her body amazing in this obviously
yeah it's kind of like remembered to me
more when she did that stripper movie as
well she was gonna say GI Jane she was
amazing in GI Jane but didn't do me more
do a stripper move apart gij
elizabeth berkley my favorite part in GI
james when she says suck my dick
that's I need to put that on a t-shirt
no just she said suck my dick in novi
yeah she was like on her way to being a
Navy SEAL uh-huh that's great you know
GI Jane's going through yeah I remember
those like
dude Demi Moore's body and striptease
was all the things she was so banging in
that movie she's just beautiful amber I
just remove II burned in your head it's
just one of those movies that I remember
she was like jacked in that movie mm-hm
and in dancing very awkwardly the very
awkward stripper dance that happened
with that outfit looks like she belongs
on a wedding place like something on a
television show it's a night show looks
like Telemundo what do you think she's
doing these days some people get super
super famous with her everywhere and
then they go I'm done I think she's just
chillin you think so I hope so hope
she's just chillin and just kind of you
know what was she gonna do another movie
maybe maybe it's absolutely she maybe
she should do I show you an indie I
don't know because it would tap into a
different era we haven't seen give me
where she's good where she's taking a
break you know we got a couple projects
on the table I don't know I don't know
what she's gonna do I don't know either
oh cool I didn't expect you to like
defend yourself that way
no one's pressuring jessiemae whose is
marijuana you're still high
oh I've been high for four days who's
your celebrity crush
I don't have one you don't know I'm good
you don't look good like a Fanta you
know like a fantasy Channel maybe
Madonna from the 80s Wow she was young
bold choice pointy bra but also you know
that she was never gonna get hooked on
you
take off yeah you'd be like oh yeah I
knew she wouldn't like me would like me
good long that's that's a real strategy
that men some men employ like this one's
not gonna last it's great that's that's
an honest answer yeah it really is
yeah that's the that's the allure of the
positive independent women a powerful
positive independent woman is like she's
not gonna need me
yeah needy at all she's like yeah well
see ya there she is
yeah from the that's all real - oh yeah
that's from her closet for sure she's in
like dudes briefs and some like doilies
on her legs and apparently she like
thought fuck oh yeah she like to smash
hit warn baby Sean Penn bad boy you see
this movie that these this is the three
identicals these are the twins that that
documentary is about you haven't seen
the identical strangers no I heard it I
almost brought it up the other day cuz
you guys started talking about something
I forget which podcast it was that this
movie sort of bleeds into not spoiler
alert because movies like genetic
testing type shit yeah back in the day
like the moat in the 50s right they were
doing it like in the 50s and 60s in an
in like an orphanage yeah I need to find
some time to watch that yeah just when
you think like a revelation happens and
you're like what the fuck and then
another one happens you like this has
got to stop and then you're just like
holy hell and then it's just a thing
where if somebody wants to get something
done sometimes they take really drastic
measures it's selfish and it's terrible
and it breaks all ethical you know rules
but I don't know it they're do they do
it well we're spoiling out for a while
do it as an experiment on these guys on
purpose yes a psychologist wanted to
find out stuff finish yeah running an
orphanage and
in in withholding information from the
families justify to find out how it
would work out what they were doing was
nature versus nurture they were they
were seeing what affects it hasn't a
child based on how its raised by also by
the socioeconomic status of the family
about the neighborhood it's in about the
type of unit the love all of those
factors in what results it has on the
individual right why don't you say Jamie
that's kind of in the data they have a
bunch of data apparently somewhere and
it never came out it's missing it's gone
the files disappeared years of them
basically ruining the lives of children
in the effects of that is just
dissipated into thin air it's such a
it's such a heartbreaking story but it's
also very interesting and then I'm
saying like how would you ever not that
that needs to happen but there is a
question I mean you're find out unless
someone did something right you just
guess I mean we could look at like all
the things that are happening in society
especially with like mass shooters and
people who commit these random acts of
violence and go back to their upbringing
in their rearing I'm pretty sure I would
take a gander and I guess that they
probably weren't raised with the most
amount of love there's certain things
that you don't really know how it's
gonna work out yeah until you experiment
yeah and that's when I was saying like
it's a little brutal but right well
people are scared of that kind of thing
because that's where Hitler came from
yeah that kind of thinking I mean you
hear about some of the experiments they
did on people oh man that was just scary
this doctor supposedly I think came in
with the Operation Paperclip oh no was
that deep into oh my god that's all
right it's pretty fucked up it's it's
it's you know an operation do you know
what Operation Paperclip was wasn't that
something like a Hitler thing back in
the day with babies no no no Nazi
scientists that were taken from World
War two so the United States took Nazi
site including Wernher von Braun who's
the head of NASA right a bunch of other
scientists in all these Nazis that were
working for Germany making rockets and
involved in like high-level science and
they brought them over to America and
sort of whitewash the whole thing they
called it operation paperclip
holy Wernher von Braun when he was at
the head of NASA he was a fuckin
legitimate Nazi like
the Simon Wiesenthal Center said that if
he was alive today they would prosecute
him for crimes against humanity I feel
like there's still you know there's
still a retooling of people in there
that sort of they've chased those guys
down to the far ends of the earth dude
that storage room those are very
powerful positions to be and to have
that sort of mentality driving it that's
scary as fuck for sure you know what's
really crazy is Argentina Argentina and
South America a lot of Nazis went to
Argentina and South America they fled
Germany and Tim Kennedy who's a good
friend of mine who's a former UFC
fighters soldier he was on a show called
finding Hitler where there was there was
been speculation over the years because
so many Nazis landed in South America
that Hitler had escaped and lived out
his life in in you know protected by
these other Nazis in these south
american towns there's towns in south
america look at that dude there's towns
in South America where they all they do
is speak German they they have
Oktoberfest
they have photographs on their walls of
their grandfather and SS garb that is
very very scary oh dude it's crazy it's
very scary he blew me away when I when I
when he was telling me about this and
he's a no-nonsense guy so when he's
explaining he's like you got to
understand you're coming into these
towns everyone is German oh my god they
all look like Germans
they all talk German they all have
German like houses and German like like
German style stuff in their house that's
bizarre I mean that had to be what
happened I don't know no it's maybe not
what happened to Hitler right you're
pretty sure the Hitler died but I'm sure
they relocated and that's definitely
what happened yeah see if you can find
that yeah Jamiel fine this is just a
South America look it looks like a
German town it does look like a German
town it's crazy there's a whole village
these fucking people I mean and there's
not just one there's many many of these
little little pockets that looks like an
Oktoberfest bar
that's really bizarre I mean
that one looks a little Japanese that
well there's videos though it's crazy
they're drinking out of Stein's and like
the whole deal that's really wild dude
it's crazy well obviously we couldn't
get them all I mean they had a flea
somewhere yeah and they're gonna set up
shop make it there you know make it
their homogenous they saw the shit was
about to hit the fan said listen I know
place we can get some cool margaritas we
can catch some fucking waves
that's a wild I never knew that oh it's
yeah I didn't know it either it's crazy
that it was really crazy man I think
there's too much to know there is too
much to know but it's one of the great
things about the stuff you talk about on
this is you got so Jessica plethora of
information you see most of its useless
most of its you know if it's useless
wasting wasting time do anything with it
dude taking CBD with THC oh that's great
she delivers it got a bit of a problem
what's the matter I've been high every
day for the last six days same I popped
these little tablets in the morning it's
CBD and THC it's not a lot of Splenda
one and yeah it's one to one
perfect it's amazing yeah that's you
know that they work with each other and
they help the TC helps deliver the CBD
and vice versa you feel great yeah you
feel balanced you feel like energized
clay it clear I don't know about you I
feel clear no no problem in terms of
like feeling foggy or fatigued no it's
just the right amount but I fucked up
and took one an hour before I went to
bed last night I went to bed at a
sensible time I knew I was gonna do a
podcast with Jesse may as well I want to
be awake and fresh so that's fine but I
went to bed and I taken one like an hour
so before I was in bed I woke up two
o'clock in the morning bang ready to go
great train full of ideas
did you write some stuff down I wrote
that's cool I have I keep my laptop
right now by the bed I started doing
that too I just need it near in the
bathroom next to the bed yeah I
literally if usually everyone's else
asleep I grab the laptop and I just go
into the other room and I just start
writing but I keep it in the bag I put
it right by my bed so if I
idea in my head twice I've written bits
that came out to be like real legitimate
bits because an idea came to me while I
was lying there and I said I gotta just
try this yeah I just run in the other
room and I start writing and then boom
it becomes a bit
twice over the last year like legitimate
bits have come out of just a random
thought that it was popping through my
mind while laying in bed now were you
were you on the marihuana's both times
yes I mean there's something to it
definitely when you when you have it a
moment to escape
it's our brains like an onion dated with
information all the time just
daydreaming being bored that's where the
creativity for me is the most active
like getting a good nap or even just in
a dream you think of something like in
the shower driving those are my ideas
I've had this similar situation where
I'm like oh this might be a good joke
that's my argument for ignoring phones
too that you allow yourself to get bored
and when you allow yourself to get bored
then that's when these creative ideas
will come like if you're in your car
like that's the other thing about that
little car that I was telling you yeah
it doesn't have a radio oh that's great
yeah no radio so you have to daydream
yeah you not just date your it's like
this you're tuned into the thing as
you're doing a brand yeah and you think
about stuff like I used to come up with
some of my best bits when I first
started doing comedy when I was
delivering newspapers I would deliver
newspapers in the morning and out of my
car chuck them out the window
how old were you 21 Wow and when I was
doing that I would come up with some of
my best bits when I wasn't listening to
the radio I was just driving around and
then I have an idea what why is it that
we what the fuck is this yeah just be
thinking to myself almost like those
hours became productive they are yeah
it's it's daydreaming is probably one of
the most important things you can do for
your brain especially for creative
people and people in general you know I
think when you're doing something that
requires you to do something
mechanically like driving even just
washing your body paper route anything
that you sort of have to do this like
regular machine thing your brain sort of
just can roam in the woods and just pick
off little ideas off the trees and you
know you're able to sort of
give your brain a break yeah your brain
doesn't always need to be stimulated
externally fuck now so that that's
probably one of the causes of mental
illness that probably it is attributed
to a lot of neurological issues down the
road like oh yeah your brain needs a
break
you know those synapses can't be firing
all the fucking time they got shit to do
give them a nap give them my mouth I'm
exhausted
you know the brain needs a break but
yeah I definitely I think of random
things sometimes in the shower yeah you
can you can do that while you're driving
you could do that while you're in the
shower running like I like to run and
listen to books on tape but sometimes I
just like to run and just listen to my
voice just the breathing and then you
get into this like meditators yeah yeah
that's deep yeah three hours of hanging
out with you yeah I'm still it's not um
started late because we had some try
crash castor and we also started late
cuz you had me on these melanzane
machines oh that's a sponsor so write
these these are amazing I have like
chronic stiffness in my neck from
traveling and sitting awkward and Jamie
was nice enough to give me one day you
know yeah they're awesome
they're great for like releasing this
weird hard to get muscles in your back
you lie on that thing
yeah digs in and it's it's like real
light too you can carry it and take it
with you it's simple who's the first one
was it Michael Chandler told us about it
yeah he was the first guy that it's for
the so ass muscle to target it yeah
we're the V we're girls who like that V
formation that muscle down there the
dudes who have the V you probably don't
get extra yet Jamie was talking about I
don't think I'm that let's just go with
what kind of fucking podcast is this I
am a goddamn doctor Jesse may tell
everybody how they can find you on the
Internet's you can find me my websites
Jesse may calm I'm at queef emai on top
we may on Twitter Instagram is jessimae
Peluso and you can check out my sharp
tongue podcast and she's touring all
over the country hilarious
comedian my friend I love you so much my
favorites thanks for coming on this was
such an honor well we finally did it
yeah thank you
bye fuckers I'm a scientist
[Music]